Sunny Savita: Hey, hello everyone, I'm Audible, can you please confirm in the chat? Let's start with the session, let's begin with the session.
Sunny Savita: Oh.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, good evening to all of you. I hope I am audible.
Sunny Savita: Anyone is attending the different other batch.
Sunny Savita: Anyone is attending that, low-code, no-code class?
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Because, I think we have started one more batch simultaneously, that is, low-code and no code.
Sunny Savita: So, yeah, I think many of you, you are attending that batch, so because of that, I can see the attendance is low in today's session.
Sunny Savita: Aww…
Sunny Savita: Yeah, okay. So, let's start, let's begin, let's start with our session. So, guys, first of all, let me show you that what all things we have completed so far, and what we are going to complete in today's session. So, tell me how many of you, you joined my previous session.
Sunny Savita: Have you joined my previous session?
Sunny Savita: So, that is a separate batch, BJ, no-code and low-code class, you can go and check out that.
Sunny Savita: I think the first induction session is live.
Sunny Savita: over the YouTube, actually, so you can go and check out
Sunny Savita: I think it is still live over the YouTube. But yeah, you will get a recording of that, okay?
Sunny Savita: It is not your batch, it is a different batch only.
Sunny Savita: Good. So guys, first of all, let me show you the dashboard, and
Sunny Savita: Let me show you that, where you will find out all the recording, and whether the previous class recording is up-to-date or not.
Sunny Savita: Just a second, okay? I'm going to open the dashboard.
Sunny Savita: So, here, guys, you will find out all the recording, all the previous class recording and all everything. You can check out with this dashboard, right? So, I think last recording is also updated.
Sunny Savita: Yes.
Sunny Savita: Last class recording is also updated, and in the resource section, you will find out the resources and all everything. We'll update the resources, okay? Even though the resources is available over the GitHub, if you wanted to take all the resources, you can find out at the single place.
Sunny Savita: You can follow my GitHub repository, there you will find out all the resources and all.
Sunny Savita: Right? So here is all the resources.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so can we start, guys?
Sunny Savita: Just give me quick confirmation so that we can start with the session.
Sunny Savita: Yes, I will share the link of the leaderboard also.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so let's do one thing, guys, let's begin, let's start with today's session. So, in the previous class, guys, in the previous class, I discussed about the APIs, right? I discuss, basically how you can access the different, different model from the different, different platform.
Sunny Savita: And for all those models, I have used the langchain, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, how's your cough and cold? Yeah, I'm, feeling better, Sava, now.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, better than yesterday. Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, guys, in the previous class, we have explored the different, different APIs, right? So, I've shown you how you can access the different, different model, and I have used… I have used one integrated framework. That framework name was the Langchain, right? So, guys, tell me, have you gone through with that practical? Have you seen that practical? I already shared those notes and everything.
Sunny Savita: inside the GitHub itself, you can check out over here. You will find out the type EYNB file.
Sunny Savita: So, have you gone through with this entire, have you gone through with this entire, basically practical, yes or no?
Sunny Savita: If you haven't gone through, guys, please go through with this entire practical, because today we are going to discuss a couple of more things, right?
Sunny Savita: So, this is the entire practical. Now, along with that, guys, I'm providing you, I'm providing you all the links and all everything, so I capped over the… I capped it over the Notion. Let me show you that also.
Sunny Savita: So, where it is, just a second, I think somewhere I capped over the notion itself.
Sunny Savita: It is not here.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, here it is. So, guys, I capped all the links and all everything over here.
Sunny Savita: whatever I have shown in my previous class, so you will get it over here itself. So, I'm sharing these notes as well. You can download it, you can download it from the GitHub, okay? So, give me a moment, I'm sharing these notes so that you can follow each and every link and all everything, whatever I'm sharing in the session itself.
Sunny Savita: So, give me a moment, I'm exporting these notes, and I will share with you.
Sunny Savita: Got it?
Sunny Savita: So I'm keeping it inside the same folder.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, so I'm keeping it inside the same folder, and I'm committing it over the GitHub also, so you can take it from there.
Sunny Savita: Let me check why it is a GIF file.
Sunny Savita: Did I get a file or not? Yes, the file is over here.
Sunny Savita: And what I'm going to do, guys, let me check why it is a GIF file.
Sunny Savita: So, let me extract the JIP over here.
Sunny Savita: Give me, give me a moment, guys. I think, it is imported as a, Git only. Okay, I export it as a JIP only. Let me export as a PDF. So, give me a moment, I'm going to be exported… export this file as a PDF, okay? Wait.
Sunny Savita: here only, you will find out all the links and all, so directly you can access all the APIs, directly only… directly, basically, you can generate all the API key and all… API keys and all everything from here itself, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, give me a moment.
Sunny Savita: now it is fine, and I can commit these changes, okay?
Sunny Savita: And once you got it, just give me a quick confirmation.
Sunny Savita: where we can see the yesterday's recording, it is already there over… it is already there over the GitHub. So please check… sorry, it is already there over the dashboard. Please check out with the dashboard.
Sunny Savita: Open your… open the website and open the dashboard, and here you will get the recording, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, guys, just give me quick confirmation so that we can start with the session, and all the notes and everything is available inside this particular folder.
Sunny Savita: So, did you… did you get it or not?
Sunny Savita: If you got it, just give me quick confirmation so that we can start with the session, okay?
Sunny Savita: Okay, fine. So, let's begin now. It is saying that some secret has been detected. Did I share any link by… sorry, did I share any key by mistake? Just a second, guys, I'm checking, okay?
Sunny Savita: Did I share any kiki, kik, key?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, I think I exposed the Google API key. Let me delete this one.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, OpenAI key has not been shared. I think it was the Google API key.
Sunny Savita: Okay, fine. So let's begin, let's start, guys. I think you got the updated code as well. So what I can do, guys, I can give you the quick recap from the previous class, from the previous session, and then we can start with the session.
Sunny Savita: So, we're talking about the previous class, guys. So, in the previous class, basically, I was talking about the different, different APIs, right? So, how you can access the model via different, different API, and, we were using an integrated framework that was the Langchain, okay? So, in the previous class, I've given you, like, a little bit idea about the Langchain, that what is a langchain, and how we are going to be utilizing the Langchain.
Sunny Savita: And I explained to you the differences, if we are going to be access any model via API SDK, so what would be the challenges over there? And if we are going to be access any model via Langchain, then what will be the pros of that? Okay, what would be the advantage of that? So here, each and everything I have shown you over the Blackboard itself.
Sunny Savita: So, if you are not familiar with all this thing, if you don't know about all this thing, you can check out with my previous class, right?
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, we were talking about the practical, so in the practical, basically, I was showing how you can access the different, different model from the different, different places.
Sunny Savita: So, in the previous class, guys, I discussed… In the previous class, basically, I discussed about what? So, in the previous class, I discussed about the…
Sunny Savita: I discuss about the OpenAI, right? I explain you, how you can load the model using the OpenAI. And along with that, basically, I shown you how you can load the model using the Grok API also. So, in today's session, guys, I will, explain you a couple of more APIs, couple of more ways, how, basically, you can access the model from the different, different places.
Sunny Savita: Okay? And, in order to that, I'm going to discuss, so first, I will discuss, let me write over here.
Sunny Savita: So first, guys, I will discuss about the open router.
Sunny Savita: Right? So how you can access the model from the open router. The second, basically, I'm going to discuss about the Hugging Face API.
Sunny Savita: how you can access any model via Hugging Face API, okay? Then, guys, we'll discuss about what, we'll discuss about the Gemini API.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so this Jiminy API, actually, it is being provided by the Google itself.
Sunny Savita: Right? Then, guys, we'll talk about the OLAMA, how you can access the model via OLAMA, right? So, these many points we are going to discuss in today's class, in today's session. And inside this video, sorry, inside this particular session, I'm not going to discuss text-to-text. Along with that, guys, I'll be talking about text-to-
Sunny Savita: Text to image.
Sunny Savita: Okay, we'll discuss about image to text.
Sunny Savita: We'll discuss about text to audio.
Sunny Savita: And we'll discuss about audio too, text as well. So you will get an idea of the different, different model, then how basically we can access a different, different type of model.
Sunny Savita: And I will show you everything in terms of practical, okay? So once this practical would be ready, so we can utilize it anywhere. So let me mention the correct order over here. In whatever order, basically, we are going to be cover the entire thing.
Sunny Savita: So, first, we have discussed about the OpenAI, so how, basically, we can access the model from the OpenAI, okay?
Sunny Savita: Then, the second… second, basically, second was a Grog, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, second, basically, second was a Grog, so how we can access the model via Grog.
Sunny Savita: Third is going to be Open Router.
Sunny Savita: Fourth is going to be Hugging Face API, fifth is going to be Jiminy API, and sixth is going to be Olama. So we are going to be consume the different, different LLMs, okay? We are going to be consume what? We are going to be consume the different, different LLM, and these LLM, and these LLM guys, we are going to use
Sunny Savita: And these LLMs we are going to use We are going to use.
Sunny Savita: In R.
Sunny Savita: RAG application in our agent tech application.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So in our RAG application, in our Agentic application, we are going to use this particular LLMs. So, whatever LLM we are going to be accessed from the different, different places. So, in our application, directly, we are going to be consume this particular LLMs. Making sense or not? Now, we're talking about the OpenAI.
Sunny Savita: So, along with the OpenAI, guys, I can include the Anthropic also, okay? So, Claude Anthropic. So, Claude is also there. I kept the code for the Claude as well. So, tell me, guys, this Cloud or this OpenAI, is it a paid one or it is a free one? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: So, this cloud, or this, OpenAI, actually, it is a paid one. Now, we're talking about the Grog, guys. So, the Grog, actually.
Sunny Savita: It has… Free access.
Sunny Savita: Of the model.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: And paid also.
Sunny Savita: Right? But yeah, for the learning purpose, we can use this free access, okay?
Sunny Savita: We can use this for learning purpose.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So if someone is not able to, if someone is not able to buy this OpenAI, or if someone is not able to purchase this Cloud API, right? So they can easily work with the Grog, right? So Grog, basically, it gives you the access of the different free models, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now guys, if we're talking about the open router, so yes, it also provides
Sunny Savita: It also provides free access.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: It also provides free access, okay? Now, we're talking about the hugging phase, so yes, it provide.
Sunny Savita: It provides free access.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: 3Xs.
Sunny Savita: Now, Jimmy one, so yes, couple of models are free.
Sunny Savita: Couple of models are free.
Sunny Savita: with limitations.
Sunny Savita: And… They have.
Sunny Savita: Paid.
Sunny Savita: Version also, okay?
Sunny Savita: Paid version also.
Sunny Savita: Now, we're talking about the old armor, guys. So, Oldama, basically.
Sunny Savita: You can completely… You can completely… Download the model.
Sunny Savita: You can completely download the model in your local And you can access.
Sunny Savita: So, is this thing killer or not, guys? Tell me, yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Is this entire thing is clear or not? Now, we're talking about the RAG or the agentec application, so there, mainly, we are going to use this text-to-text model, okay? So, we use the text-to-text model, or it's some places, specifically, we are going to use this text-to-image model.
Sunny Savita: So, guys, please master these two categories, text-to-image and text-to-text model, okay? So, here, guys, we can have different good model. So, I can show you the leaderboard, that what all models we have.
Sunny Savita: Okay, what are the different models we have, and, how you can look into the different EFN model, which is doing a really good job. So, yeah, OpenAI-based model, and, Anthropic-based model, cloud-based model.
Sunny Savita: Google-based model, okay? They are always good. We can utilize those models for our production-grade application, okay? So I will show you the leaderboard, and I will show you the different, different models, right? So, this is the entire summary from the previous class, and a couple of practical was remaining.
Sunny Savita: like Open Router, Hugging Face API, Jiminy API, Olama, so we are going to complete that. So, is it clear to all of you? Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: If it is clear, we can proceed with today's session. Just give me a quick thumbs up so that we can start.
Sunny Savita: Yes?
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Now, just tell me, guys, we're talking about this one, correct?
Sunny Savita: So, anywhere, we are going to use the transformer architecture, anywhere we are going to code the transformer architecture.
Sunny Savita: No, right? We are not going to code the transformer architecture. So, we just require the limited knowledge of the transformer, okay? Just for the interview perspective, or just to understand the, fundamental of the large language model.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point? So, if you wanted to master the RAG-based application, agentic application, okay. So, in that case, basically, you will have to mainly work with the API, you will have to mainly work with the Langchain, Langraph, you will have to mainly work with the cloud.
Sunny Savita: And you will have to do as much as project, okay? So that is important for the real generative AI, which you are going to implement in your project, okay? In your enterprise. Now, let me do one thing. Let me update this over here.
Sunny Savita: So that later on, you can, go through this entire notes, whatever I have written over here. Okay? Now, guys, here you can see…
Sunny Savita: So, here, guys, first of all, let me change the environment. I was using the 3.11, right? So, I was using this Langchain, Chat OpenAI.
Sunny Savita: you will find out all the links and all everything, guys, over the, over this, inside this document. So just check out with this particular document, okay, Class 16, 16 May, Notion Notes. So once you will open this, notes, okay, once you will open this PDF,
Sunny Savita: Here, you will get all the links, okay? So if you wanted to generate the Cloud API… Cloud key, you can generate. If you wanted to generate the Jimny API key, you can generate. If you want to generate the Grok API key, you can generate, okay?
Sunny Savita: If you wanted to generate the OpenAI router key, open router key, you can generate, okay? So all the different, different, links I have mentioned over here, so please follow this particular, notes.
Sunny Savita: If you are, looking for, if you are looking for what? If you are looking for, any sort of a model, right? If you wanted to access any sort of a model from any API.
Sunny Savita: Now, here, I have mentioned about the Langshan API key. So, can anyone tell me what is this Langchen API key, and why we are going to be using this Langchen API key? This one?
Sunny Savita: this LangChen API key.
Sunny Savita: This Langchen API key, basically, it is mainly for the Langesmith. So, if you wanted to access the Langesmith, so for that, guys, this Langchen API key will be required.
Sunny Savita: So, this Langesmith part, I will let you know in the upcoming, in the upcoming projects, okay? So, in the upcoming practical, I will discuss about this Langchain API key, and how to configure this Langesmith.
Sunny Savita: As of now, just let it be over here, so in the upcoming session, I will discuss about it. Got it?
Sunny Savita: Is it clear to all of you?
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, from here, you can generate the LangChain API key.
Sunny Savita: Is it tightly coupled with the lan chain? What is tightly coupled with the length chain?
Sunny Savita: Yes, Langesmith, actually, it's a product of the Langchen only, no?
Sunny Savita: Company name is Langshan, okay?
Sunny Savita: Great, guys. So, now, over here, here, guys, you can see, so I discussed about the OpenAI, and I've shown you how to generate the OpenAI API key. Then what we have done, so here we have, imported this chat OpenAI.
Sunny Savita: And, we are going to be imported from the land chain, okay? Then, guys, after that, what we have done, so here we are going to be create an object of that, right? Object of what, guys, tell me, object of the, chat open AI, okay? And then we are going to be invoke it, and then here we are able to generate our message.
Sunny Savita: Now, here, guys, I mentioned the code for the clod also.
Sunny Savita: So, if someone wanted to access the cloud-based model, the different, different cloud-based model, so you can follow this particular code, and you can utilize that specific LLM.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So here I mentioned about the Cloud Haiku 4, right? So this is the model. You can utilize any sort of a model, whatever model, basically, you want it to access. So if you have Cloud API key, you can access this Cloud model as well. So this is the updated code, which you will get where? Which you will get, basically, inside the GitHub itself.
Sunny Savita: So, is it clear? Just give me quick confirmation if this cloud code is clear or not.
Sunny Savita: What is the temperature? I will discuss all this parameter, what is a temperature and all. Don't worry, I will come to that, okay? So, we have 4 to 5 different parameters, with that we can play, so I will discuss all those parameters, it is an important one.
Sunny Savita: So in the, at the end of the session, or maybe in the next class, or maybe in the RAC chapter, I will discuss about it.
Sunny Savita: So, if this is clear, just give me a quick thumbs up so that we can proceed. Now, over here, guys, study I've shown you how you can generate text-to-image.
Sunny Savita: So, for generating that, guys, I was using this keyword, okay, and I bind that keyword to the model. Then what I have done, I'm using this particular model, and I'm passing the message, and according to that, I'm able to generate what? I'm able to generate the image.
Sunny Savita: So I hope this part was also cleared using the large language model.
Sunny Savita: So, if I wanted to generate the image using the large language model, specifically OpenAI-based model, how we can do it? So, is it clear, guys? Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Tell me, is it clear to all of you? Okay. So, I believe, guys, this part is clear to all of you. Now, where I am storing all the API keys and all, so I'm storing all the API keys inside this .env file.
Sunny Savita: So inside this particular file, basically, I capped all the environment key. So in the previous class only, I discussed about that. If you don't know about it, you can go and check with the previous session.
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, here, I was talking about the image-to-text. So, yesterday only, I discussed about this image-to-text, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, here you can see we are passing a model. So, whatever model is supporting the image parsing, you can utilize that model from the OpenAI. So, this image-to-text model, actually, it is from the OpenAI. So, let me mention one more thing over here.
Sunny Savita: So, let me mention the OpenAI over here, okay?
Sunny Savita: Open.
Sunny Savita: AI.
Sunny Savita: model from the OpenAI, so that you will get a clear-cut understanding from where we are using this particular model. Model from OpenAI, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, here, guys, this kind of model we can use for the OCR purpose also, means we can provide the images, and we can extract the data, and it plays a very important role in our lag pipeline. So, this model
Sunny Savita: these models.
Sunny Savita: Plays a very important role.
Sunny Savita: multi-model rack pipeline, okay? So this type of model, basically, it plays a very important role in the multi-model rack pipeline. What is a OCR? OCR is nothing. OCR means Optical Character Recognition.
Sunny Savita: optical.
Sunny Savita: character.
Sunny Savita: recognition.
Sunny Savita: What is the meaning of it? OCR means… To fetch our data.
Sunny Savita: to fetch.
Sunny Savita: or data.
Sunny Savita: From the… images.
Sunny Savita: Okay? It is a CV-based technique. It is a computer vision-based technique. It is a CV-based technique.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: It is a CV-based technique. Earlier, we were, earlier, we were performing it. Earlier, we were performing.
Sunny Savita: Earlier, we were performing it using the CNN-based model.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: CNN-based model.
Sunny Savita: Now we can perform it.
Sunny Savita: Now, we can perform this OCR task.
Sunny Savita: OCR task.
Sunny Savita: Using the… Transformer-based model also.
Sunny Savita: transformer-based model also. Now, guys, I discussed one research paper. I've shown you one research paper. Can anyone tell me the research paper name? What was the research paper name?
Sunny Savita: The research paper name was a VIT.
Sunny Savita: VIT. Vision Transformer. And because of this particular research only, we are able to perform the OCR kind of task using the transformer-based model.
Sunny Savita: Getting clear to all of you, tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Is it getting clear? So I'm mentioning each and everything inside the single notebook, so you can utilize this particular notebook as a single source of truth, okay? So everything, every sort of a thing, you will get it over here, inside this one notebook only, okay? So let me mention the comment.
Sunny Savita: And I hope this is clear. If it is clear, guys, please let me know, I can proceed. So this entire thing I showed in my previous class only, so here is what, here I'm reading the LLM. Now I'm encoding my image, so here what I'm doing, guys, I'm doing a binary encoding of my image.
Sunny Savita: So, using… Using this base64, Okay? Using this base 64.
Sunny Savita: Base64, what we can do, guys, using this base64, encode, Weekend?
Sunny Savita: We can perform binary encoding, binary encoding, Binary encoding of our of R.
Sunny Savita: media, okay, of our data. So what kind of data we can convert into the binary encoding? So we can convert the image data, we can convert the audio data.
Sunny Savita: We can convert the video data, okay? So this kind of data, basically, we can convert into the binary encoding. Getting my point, guys? So it is a very important thing, and it is being used at most of the most of the places, right? So sometime, we cannot directly provide a data.
Sunny Savita: to the model, okay? So, if we're talking about, see.
Sunny Savita: How this system is processing the data.
Sunny Savita: The system is processing the data, System is processing the data, data in.
Sunny Savita: 0 or 1s, right?
Sunny Savita: Our system is processing the data in a binary form.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so what is an image, guys?
Sunny Savita: Image, basically, image is a data, right? Image is what? Image is a data. It is nothing, it is a collection of pixels, okay? Image is what? Image is a collection of pixels.
Sunny Savita: Image is what? Image is a collection of pixels. So, this particular data, we cannot process directly sometimes, this image and all. So, we have to be encode this data. So, image required encoding.
Sunny Savita: what kind of encoding? So that encoding basically could be consumed by the model, that encoding could be consumed by the system, okay? So, because of that, what we are doing, so we are going to be convert our data into the binary encoding data.
Sunny Savita: So, image required encoding, and we are… We are… converting images, Okay? Images into the… binary format.
Sunny Savita: binary format, using what? Using this Base64 library. Using this Base64 library, we can convert our image into the binary encoding, okay? So that we can pass it to anywhere, we can pass it to any model, and even the system can process that particular data.
Sunny Savita: Is it clear? So this is the method, basically, we were using for encoding the images. Now, over here, I was passing the images, okay? So this is my base64 representation of the data, binary representation of the data. It would,
Sunny Savita: you will see something like this. Then, here, what I'm doing, I'm passing the message. This is my message. So, here is the text, okay, what is this, what is inside the image? And here is the type. Type is what image URL? So, how I'm creating this image URL? So, I'm creating this image URL like this, data, image, what is the format of the image?
Sunny Savita: And then base64, it is a base64 string, and then I will pass my base64 data, okay? So this is my base64 image data.
Sunny Savita: So, likewise, I am forming my URL, okay? So, this is what… this is my message. Now, this particular message will go where, this particular message will go to the LLM, and LLM will be able to understand what it… what we have inside this particular image.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So yesterday only, I have shown you, we can pass the Base64 encoded version also, and even directly, we can read the image from the URL as well.
Sunny Savita: So this entire thing I discussed in the previous class itself, and we were passing this thing to the LLM, and LLM was decoding what we have inside the image.
Sunny Savita: Tell me, guys, this text-to-image… sorry, this image-to-text is clear or not.
Sunny Savita: Is it clear? In the previous class only, I have explained you in the pre… I have explained you about this text-to-image, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, coming to the next part. So, this entire thing I discussed in the previous class, I'm just giving the quick revision. So, here, guys, you can see we were discussing about the Grok. So, tell me, guys, have you generated the Grok API key?
Sunny Savita: Yesterday, I showed you how to generate the Grok API key, and I also generated the Grok API key, and this Grok API key is over here, okay? So this is my Grok API key, you can generate your own API key.
Sunny Savita: Now, after that, what you have to do, you just have to be mentioned, you just have to be set as an environment variable, that Grok API key, okay? Then you have to import this chat Grok, and you have to pass the model name.
Sunny Savita: Right? And you have to write the messages over here. Then, guys, after that, what you can do, you can pass it to the model, and then you can generate the content out of that particular message, okay? So this is what, guys, tell me, this message is what? Can anyone tell me what is this message?
Sunny Savita: What does this message, guys? Tell me?
Sunny Savita: This is nothing, it is a prompt. So this message itself is called a prompt.
Sunny Savita: So let me mention over here.
Sunny Savita: This message, basically, which we are passing.
Sunny Savita: This message, which we are passing.
Sunny Savita: This message which we are passing, it is only called Prompt.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: Or it is called input.
Sunny Savita: Or input, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, guys, if we're talking about this message, so there is two parts of this message.
Sunny Savita: If we're talking about this message, if we're talking about the prompt. So there is two parts of the prompt. So, let me explain you over here. Can you see my blackboard, guys? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Is it visible to all of you? So, whenever we are passing a message to the LLM, okay? So, we have a LLM, so we have a prompt, guys. Now, we are passing this particular prompt.
Sunny Savita: We are passing this particular prompt to the LLM, okay? Now, we're talking about the prompt, guys, so this is only called my input message, tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: So this prompt is what? This prompt is nothing, it is mine.
Sunny Savita: Input message.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now, this input message… so this input message, basically, we can divide into the multiple parts, okay? So, in a very granular level, we can divide this input message. So, how we can do it? So, we have two things over here. The first is called the system.
Sunny Savita: Okay, and the second is called the user.
Sunny Savita: Okay? First is called the system, and second is called the user. Directly, you can provide the user message also. There is no harm in that, but yeah, you can divide into the two part.
Sunny Savita: First is called the system, and second is called the user, okay? And there is two ways to define it, right? And then LLM, what LLM is going to be generated, guys, tell me.
Sunny Savita: So, LLM is going to be generate AI output, okay? So, LLM is going to be generate output. So, this output, actually, it's called the
Sunny Savita: output prompt.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Output message, output prompt, or it is also called the AI message.
Sunny Savita: Or it is also called what? It is also called the AI message. Is it clear to all of you? Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Is it getting clear? Now, we're talking about the system… if we're talking about the input message, so how we can divide the input message, we can divide into the two parts.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so either you can simply pass the user message, user message.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Either you can simply pass the user message.
Sunny Savita: Or what you can do, guys, or you can divide this particular message into two parts.
Sunny Savita: The first is called the system, and the second is called the… User message, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, system message.
Sunny Savita: And the second is what guys tell me? Second is called the user message.
Sunny Savita: user message.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now, guys, we have two ways to define it.
Sunny Savita: The first is the simple pupil format.
Sunny Savita: Right? Simple, tuple format.
Sunny Savita: The second, basically, The second way…
Sunny Savita: So, we have two-way, let me write over here. We have two-way, actually.
Sunny Savita: We have two ways of defining.
Sunny Savita: this?
Sunny Savita: system, and…
Sunny Savita: user message, okay? So we have two ways to defining the system and the user message. The first, actually, is simple tuple format, and second, using, let me write over here, first.
Sunny Savita: Simple tuple format. And second is what, guys? Second.
Sunny Savita: Using… System.
Sunny Savita: class, okay? System message class.
Sunny Savita: Alright?
Sunny Savita: user message class, okay? Human message.
Sunny Savita: Class. Is it getting clear to all of you? Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: So we have two ways to defining the same message, same thing. So let me show you how we can do that. So here, guys, you can see what I'm going to do. So, let me open the practical, and from here, what I'm doing, I'm just going to take this particular message.
Sunny Savita: Now, just tell me, guys, what is this one?
Sunny Savita: What is this one, guys? It is a first method, or it is a second method.
Sunny Savita: It is a first method, or it is a second method.
Sunny Savita: Can anyone tell me? First, I'm just asking to all of you. It is the first way, or it is a second way.
Sunny Savita: It is the first method, okay? It is a simple tuple method.
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, guys, you can see, so it is a simple tuple method.
Sunny Savita: Okay? It is a simple what? It is a simple tuple method. Now, over here, what we are doing, we are saying, system… so we are defining the behavior of the system, okay? And here is what? Here is my message. This is the human message.
Sunny Savita: Okay? And this is what… this is the system message. So it is a permanent behavior. This is going to be a permanent behavior of the model.
Sunny Savita: The second wave, basically, second wave is… second wave, basically, is using the system message and the human message class.
Sunny Savita: So let me take a message. Let me take that particular example also, and let me paste it over there, so that you will get a clarity with respect to that, okay? So here, basically, I capped one example with the system class and the human class as well. So here, guys, now tell me if I'm just going to be use this particular method.
Sunny Savita: This one. Now, tell me, it is a first method, it is a first way, or it is a second way? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: It is a first wave, or it is a second wave.
Sunny Savita: This is the second way, second way of defining a message, okay? So in this to method, in this to manner, actually, we can give the input message to the LLM.
Sunny Savita: So, this is the latest one, okay? So, you will find out this in the latest Langchen version.
Sunny Savita: Latest.
Sunny Savita: way of… defining message.
Sunny Savita: latest way of defining message. So, you will find out this inside the latest Langchen variant, okay?
Sunny Savita: Latest.
Sunny Savita: Langchain variant.
Sunny Savita: Now, this was the older way.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: This was what? This is the older way, but it's still relevant, okay? Older way of passing message.
Sunny Savita: But it's still… relevant.
Sunny Savita: Now, tell me, guys, is it clear or not?
Sunny Savita: And we can pass the standalone message also, that is also fine. We can simply pass the standalone message, that will be also fine, okay? So over here, if this thing is clear, now tell me, guys.
Sunny Savita: If this thing is going to be clear, just let me know in the chat. Sir, yes, this part is clear, and yesterday we were having the doubt with this particular thing. Now this thing is going to be clear to all of us. Yes or no? I just wanted to know quick yes or no in the chat, guys, tell me. Yes?
Sunny Savita: Is this part… is this part clear?
Sunny Savita: Okay, great.
Sunny Savita: So, over here, guys, we are going to be pass a message to the LLM, so we can pass in the two manner, in the two way, okay? Anything you can write as a system message, and as a human message. So, system message is what? If we're talking about the system message.
Sunny Savita: So, system message… system message or system, okay? So, it is nothing, it is a… It is a…
Sunny Savita: permanent behavior.
Sunny Savita: We are deciding.
Sunny Savita: We are defining We are defining.
Sunny Savita: The permanent behavior.
Sunny Savita: We are defining the PERMA NET behavior.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Permanent behavior of what, guys? Tell me. We are going to be… we are going to define the permanent behavior of LLM.
Sunny Savita: In that active session, in the… in the… in the current active session, okay?
Sunny Savita: And what is a human message?
Sunny Savita: What is a human message?
Sunny Savita: Or simple human. So it is nothing, guys, it is just a…
Sunny Savita: message, right? Whatever human wanted to be right, whatever human wanted to provide the input, right? So whatever human
Sunny Savita: wanted to.
Sunny Savita: provide input.
Sunny Savita: It is… That… message.
Sunny Savita: Tell me, is it getting killer or not?
Sunny Savita: If this part is getting clear, I think this is, that this is okay, and we are going to be using it again in our upcoming application, okay? So, system measure, system is nothing, we are defining the permanent behavior of the LLM in the current active session.
Sunny Savita: If we are saying you are a helpful assistant, so it will be a helpful assistant only. Okay? EI message is nothing, it's just a, basically output.
Sunny Savita: It is an output generated by the LLM.
Sunny Savita: Can we move to the practical now? If this part is clear, let me keep it over the…
Sunny Savita: Let me keep this thing inside the…
Sunny Savita: Basically, notebook as well, so that you can follow everything from the single place, okay?
Sunny Savita: I hope, guys, you are learn… you are enjoying the learning with me, and you are able to understand each and every concept now, okay? So, guys, till here everything is fine, just give me a quick thumbs up, so that I can proceed with the…
Sunny Savita: different part now, okay? So, if you will see over here, so the Grok is clear, right? So, Grok, maze to text is clear. So, yesterday, I have used one model from the Grok.
Sunny Savita: And that was image-to-text model. So this was the model, image-to-text model. I have used this particular model, image-to-text model, okay? And I have provided the URL, and from this particular image, I was able to generate the text. I was able to generate the response, okay? So this was my response, and here you can see the response.
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, we are moving with the open router.
Sunny Savita: So, let's begin with the open router. Have you generated the Open Router API key?
Sunny Savita: Have you generated the Open Router API key? So, guys, I'm giving you one minute of time. Please generate the open router API key.
Sunny Savita: And this open router API key, basically, you can generate from where? You can generate from the Open Router website, okay? So, do one thing, open my GitHub.
Sunny Savita: Once you will open the GitHub, guys, here you will get these links, right? All the links. So just open this link, and here, you will find out the Open Router OpenAI key, sorry, Open Router API key URL. So just click on it.
Sunny Savita: Click on this URL, guys. Do it fast.
Sunny Savita: Let me open it. So, see, this is the open router API key URL. Now, once you will do that, after that, you will get an option to generate a key.
Sunny Savita: So, what is an open router? Can anyone tell me?
Sunny Savita: So, what is an open router, guys?
Sunny Savita: Okay, let's check with Google itself. So, I'm writing in front of you what is an open router. So, what is…
Sunny Savita: Open Router.
Sunny Savita: So I return over here what is opened outer, and now see what it is saying.
Sunny Savita: Just read it out, guys.
Sunny Savita: What is Open Router? So, Open Router is a unified API and routing platform that allow developers, users, to access hundreds of different large language models, okay, through a single endpoint.
Sunny Savita: So, instead of managing a multiple API key and provider, okay, so we can access a model from the open router itself. It is similar to the Grok only. So, you will find out OpenAI, Grok, Google, Anthropic, Open Source, different, different models over the open router.
Sunny Savita: So this open router is nothing, it is similar to the Grok itself. So you can see what type of model we have over the open router. So just open the OPA router website, and then go inside the model section.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now here, what you will do, guys, you will find out all the different, different models, see?
Sunny Savita: This one.
Sunny Savita: No, Langchen is a different one. Using the Langchen, actually. See, LangChan is not providing us the API key for accessing the model.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: Langchen is just providing the integration. We are going to be generated API key from their own SDK.
Sunny Savita: But open router is similar to the Grok. We can generate the API key of the open router, and we can access the different, different model from there. Got it? So these all are the model which we can access via Open Router. Is it visible to all of you?
Sunny Savita: Tell me, guys, is it visible to all of you?
Sunny Savita: So many different, different type of model you will get with respect to the different, different modality. So not only the text, you will get the image-related model also, you will get the audio-related model, video-related model, and even you will get the model which can read the document directly, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, different, different model you will get, related to the different, different capability.
Sunny Savita: And you can use a different, different model from here itself. But it is not completely free, it will charge you something.
Sunny Savita: But, till some extent, it is free. It is not completely free, it is only free till some extent, okay? So, tell me, guys, did you generate the API key of the open router?
Sunny Savita: If you generated the API key of the open router, then let me know.
Sunny Savita: So that I can proceed with the practical of it, okay? I can show you how you can access the model using the open router.
Sunny Savita: So here I have generated the API key, you just need to click on this new key, give the name of the key, okay? And after that, guys, you can create a key.
Sunny Savita: Do it, please.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, so I hope you generated a key, and after generating a key, guys, what you can do, you can paste it inside your .env file. So, open the .env file and keep your open router key here.
Sunny Savita: See here, I kept the open router key, so please, please keep this key inside your .env file, okay? I have already shared the code, please check out with the GitHub, the code is available over there.
Sunny Savita: Sing is the hub, I already share, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, let me keep the example over here, that what all key is required to all of you. So, Hugging Face token is required.
Sunny Savita: Then, guys, you required what? You can use the Anthropic key also.
Sunny Savita: It is not mandatory, you can do that, you can use it. Then.
Sunny Savita: Grok API key, and then open router key, okay? So this Grok API key is a free one.
Sunny Savita: And even this key is also free.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: So, this many key you can use, and now I'm giving you the template.
Sunny Savita: So that you can generate the API key, and you can keep it inside your .env file.
Sunny Savita: So once you are able to generate the key, guys, just give me the quick thumbs up so that I can proceed.
Sunny Savita: link of the GitHub. How many times you will ask, huh?
Sunny Savita: It is a 16th or 17th class. This is your first class.
Sunny Savita: trend?
Sunny Savita: Is this your first class?
Sunny Savita: I think we have spent 2 months now, right, inside this batch. Now, I couldn't understand why you are asking about the GitHub link.
Sunny Savita: Tell me, Tiran, is it your first class?
Sunny Savita: Okay? Guys, please, please keep this GitHub key with you, okay?
Sunny Savita: It's a request to all of you.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now guys, over here you can see, so what we have, we are going to beside this API key as a environment variable. So is this code clear to all of you? Yes or no? This one?
Sunny Savita: Is this code… is this code clear or not?
Sunny Savita: So, what we are doing, we are going to be set up the key, okay, as an environment variable. Now, here, what I'm doing, guys, tell me.
Sunny Savita: So what I'm doing over here, I'm just going to be initialize the model. So, which model I'm going to be initialized over here?
Sunny Savita: So I'm going to install the cloud model, okay? So via open router also, you can access the cloud model.
Sunny Savita: So, via… Open router also.
Sunny Savita: You can access that.
Sunny Savita: Cloud model.
Sunny Savita: But guys… But guys… Here, we have our limitations.
Sunny Savita: Here, we have limitations. Now, what is our limitations, guys? So, the limitation is… The limitation is…
Sunny Savita: We can only access… we can only access… 2048 token.
Sunny Savita: In?
Sunny Savita: Input and output, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, after combining the input and output token, we can only access 2048 tokens only.
Sunny Savita: 2048 tokens.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so in an input and output, we can only access 2048, 2048 tokens. So, is it clear to all of you? Tell me yes or no. So, let's say if I'm going to be remove this max token from here.
Sunny Savita: And without this max token, if I'm going to be execute this code, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, see, without the, basically…
Sunny Savita: without this max token, without this particular number, if I'm going to be accessed this particular code, okay, so I can write some different thing. I can write, you are a helpful assistant.
Sunny Savita: So here, I can give a different type of message.
Sunny Savita: Now, here I can write, can you… Talk about the… Climate change, okay?
Sunny Savita: So this is the, like, message which I have written over here. Now, if I'm going to be… pass this message to the LLM,
Sunny Savita: Now, see what will happen. So, let it load, guys, let it load the model.
Sunny Savita: Okay? And after that, I will show you, it will generate the error.
Sunny Savita: 2048 token.
Sunny Savita: Tokens means what?
Sunny Savita: You know the tokens, right?
Sunny Savita: Input and output is all being generated in the form of token.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, Gangadhar? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, let it complete, and let me show you that will it generate… will it give you the error, or it's really going to be generate the output, okay?
Sunny Savita: So… Just a second.
Sunny Savita: Why is a limitation to 2048 token? In free version, we have a limitations.
Sunny Savita: Okay, via open router also, you can access the cloud model, but guys, here we have a limitation. And this limitation we have in the free access, in the free version, okay?
Sunny Savita: the limitation we have in the free version. If you're going to be using the paid version, in that case.
Sunny Savita: There won't be limitations, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, still, it is running. Just a second, guys, let me reload the window.
Sunny Savita: And then again, let me select the kernel over here.
Sunny Savita: Select the kernel, where is the kernel? Just a second.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Now, here I can restart the kernel.
Sunny Savita: So, restarting is also fine.
Sunny Savita: now I think I can run it. So, just give me a moment, guys, I am going to restart it again, okay? So, I reload the window, and again, I am showing you that.
Sunny Savita: How to generate the output using this open router.
Sunny Savita: So, this is the import statement. It is fine, what it is saying.
Sunny Savita: Facing cannot deliver the version of the Pyntic Core.
Sunny Savita: Why it is giving me this error, guys? Just a second, let me check.
Sunny Savita: Anyone is getting the same error?
Sunny Savita: Import router… what is this error?
Sunny Savita: Actually, I'm getting some error. Just a second, guys, let me resolve this error, okay, wait.
Sunny Savita: I think there is some version mismatch issue, because of that, I'm getting it.
Sunny Savita: So, let me do one thing, guys, just a second, okay?
Sunny Savita: I can delete this environment.
Sunny Savita: -hmm, -hmm.
Sunny Savita: what I can do here.
Sunny Savita: Actually, I was using 3.12 for the OLAMA, because Olama was not working with 3.11.
Sunny Savita: And I think because of that only, I'm getting this particular issue. Just a second, guys, okay?
Sunny Savita: Let me delete this environment.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Let me close this as well.
Sunny Savita: Now, after that, I can write over here, UB Python list.
Sunny Savita: So, here I will get Python 3.11.
Sunny Savita: I can take… guys, you don't need to do this thing, I'm just doing it from my end, because I'm getting the error. So I'm using… again, I'm going to be create an environment, okay? So just give me a second, let me create an environment one more time.
Sunny Savita: Now, here, what I will do, I will write UBVNB.
Sunny Savita: E and B.
Sunny Savita: hyphen hyphen Python, and then I will give the path of the environment, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, environment is created, now let me activate this environment.
Sunny Savita: Because Olama was not working with 3.11, no? So that's why I created an environment with 3.12, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, let me activate this particular environment, just a second.
Sunny Savita: And here, I will write UV pip install.
Sunny Savita: hyphen R.
Sunny Savita: requirement.txt, okay?
Sunny Savita: So let it install, let this require.txt install, and then again, I will select the
Sunny Savita: Then what I will do, guys, again, I will select that particular environment inside my notebook, okay?
Sunny Savita: It might take some time, so let it install.
Sunny Savita: If you're facing any such issue now, so you can delete the environment, and again, you can create an environment. It is a very common practice in the industry, okay? We always do that.
Sunny Savita: And then again, I will, load this particular… module.
Sunny Savita: So there are so many packages, that's why it is taking time. It will take some time, 1 or 2 more minutes.
Sunny Savita: So let it install, okay? Wait.
Sunny Savita: Guys, are you getting the token issue?
Sunny Savita: How to delete the environment? That's a very good question, actually.
Sunny Savita: Just do the right-click and delete the environment, okay?
Sunny Savita: ENV folder, you need to delete. ENV folder. This ENV folder.
Sunny Savita: See, you guys, you spent 2 months now, right? And still, if you're not able to identify which is an environment, which you have to delete, where you have to install the requirement.txt, guys, again, I'm saying it is not good for you.
Sunny Savita: At least, you should work on yourself.
Sunny Savita: If still you are asking this kind of question.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so what I can do, guys, see, this is, it's still installing, let it install, and after that…
Sunny Savita: I will select the correct kernel from here, okay?
Sunny Savita: So this is the latest kernel, and
Sunny Savita: Yeah, guys, I'll give you the break, let me complete it, okay? Wait.
Sunny Savita: Anyone is getting issue with the Open Router API?
Sunny Savita: What is a Python version which needs to be used? Python 3.11 or 12? Anything you can use. Let's say if you're getting any issue with Python 3.11, you can use Python 3.12.
Sunny Savita: I have created one more environment with Python 3.12 over here, okay? So I was facing some issue with the OLAMA, so I'm using… so that's why I'm using the 3.11 for that only. Sorry, 3.12 for that only, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, it is running. Still, it is running.
Sunny Savita: So, have you installed the Open.langchen Library? Yeah, it is there inside the requirem.txt.
Sunny Savita: Lynch and Open Router.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so I think my… Requirement is installed, everything is fine.
Sunny Savita: now I'm going to be select this require… sorry, I'm going to be select this particular environment as a kernel. So, let me select that particular kernel.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now what I'll do, guys, again, I will execute it. So, let me execute it one more time.
Sunny Savita: And let's see whether I'm getting this particular issue or not. So… just a second.
Sunny Savita: So it is running, and now, guys, you can see I'm not facing such issue. It is able to import this chat open router.
Sunny Savita: Visible or not?
Sunny Savita: now I'm not able to… now I'm not getting any such issue, and it is able to import this chat open router.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now what I'll do, guys, I will load the model, this LLM model.
Sunny Savita: You can load any sort of a model, okay? Then here is my message.
Sunny Savita: Now, after that, guys, what I'll do, I'll pass this message, okay, and see what I'm getting over here.
Sunny Savita: So, can you see this particular error?
Sunny Savita: What is this error, guys? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: What is this error?
Sunny Savita: It can only afford how many tokens? It can only afford how many tokens? It can only afford 2, 6, 5, 9 tokens, okay? So this is the limit, only where it can afford.
Sunny Savita: 2059 tokens, okay? So, free variant is having some limit, let me mention over here.
Sunny Savita: So, free, what John?
Sunny Savita: Free version, having a limit, free version.
Sunny Savita: Having a limit, Okay? Having a limit.
Sunny Savita: Till?
Sunny Savita: 2659 token, okay? So let me mention it over here, 2659 token.
Sunny Savita: Now, I hope it is clear to all of you. So, let's mention some tokens. Let's mention the token over there. Okay, how many tokens, basically, I wanted to generate. So, let's say I wanted to generate only
Sunny Savita: Let me keep the max token over here.
Sunny Savita: So here, I'm going to be keep the max token, okay? So, max token, let's say I can write over here, 1048. I just want 1048 token over here.
Sunny Savita: So, maxed underscore token, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, here, instead of the 2659, I can write 2048.
Sunny Savita: So I just want these many tokens in my output.
Sunny Savita: So, this is the LLM now, this is the message again, and if I'm writing, if I'm passing this message to the LLM,
Sunny Savita: So here, guys, you will see that I'm able to generate the response now.
Sunny Savita: So, can you see the response, guys? Is it visible to all of you?
Sunny Savita: Is it visible to all of you? Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Eos?
Sunny Savita: Can you give the quick revision? Ruchi, what I need to explain over here, tell me.
Sunny Savita: Nothing is there, nothing to explain.
Sunny Savita: Everything is in the same pattern, which we have learned in the previous class, in the same way, actually, we are learning. Even I provided the code as well. Side-by-side, you can look into that.
Sunny Savita: Please check out with the GitHub, I provided you the code.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now, how this anthropic, sorry, open router, understands the token, the length of the token and all, right? The number of the token, you can simply check with the token counter.
Sunny Savita: So, open… a router.
Sunny Savita: token.
Sunny Savita: counter, okay? So something like that, you can,
Sunny Savita: Something like that you can search.
Sunny Savita: And you will get their specific, link, okay, for that. And here only you will understand how, basically, they are going to be count the token. So they have given you some code and all everything, okay, with that, you can check out how, basically, they are going to be count the token.
Sunny Savita: how, basically, they are going to be decided how many tokens should… how many tokens should be there inside the given sentence, okay? Openai is already providing that, let me write over here, OpenAI.
Sunny Savita: token counter. So once you will write this OpenAI token counter, you will get their specific application for counting the token. So, let's say you have a text, let's say you have this particular text.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So you can copy this text and pass it over here. Let's see how many tokens you have over here.
Sunny Savita: So, you can copy this text, and you can pass it over here, see?
Sunny Savita: How many tokens we have?
Sunny Savita: 259 tokens. So according to the… so according to the… so according to that OpenAI, inside this particular output, we have 259 tokens.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys? Yes or no? Tell me yes or no. Is it getting clear to all of you?
Sunny Savita: Okay? So, likewise, you can check out how many tokens we have.
Sunny Savita: Yes, so we are going to be generate 258 token inside this particular sentence, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, see, this is the upper limit, okay? This is not an exact count of the token, this… which we are passing.
Sunny Savita: This is the upper limit. So, under this particular limit only, the output is being generated.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Great. So, till here everything is fine, till here everything is clear, tell me, guys. So, here what you can do, so as a homework, what you can do, as a homework.
Sunny Savita: as a homework.
Sunny Savita: You can… you can.
Sunny Savita: practice.
Sunny Savita: or experiment.
Sunny Savita: with the… Different.
Sunny Savita: different.
Sunny Savita: models.
Sunny Savita: from the… Open router.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so Open Router is providing me with a different, different model.
Sunny Savita: So, yeah.
Sunny Savita: you can basically check out with those a specific model, and you can practice, or you can perform some experiment using those models. So, will you do it, guys? Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Is it clear to all of you?
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Great. So, I will provide you the link. With that, actually, you can access the different, different model. So, even though I've shown you that, but again, let me go ahead with that again.
Sunny Savita: So, here is the documentation. Now, here is a list of model. So, you can check out the different, different model from the open router, okay?
Sunny Savita: So they are providing you the so many models.
Sunny Savita: Just check out with the documentation you will get, okay? What type of model they have.
Sunny Savita: I think I shone over here itself.
Sunny Savita: Mmm… we're at bent.
Sunny Savita: Open router, open router, okay, I think I've shown over here itself. Yeah, this is our, like, this is their documentation. You can check out over here. See, this many model is being provided, okay? So I am, passing a list, sorry, I'm passing this particular link inside the notebook.
Sunny Savita: You can take it from here.
Sunny Savita: So tell me, guys, how's the learning so far? Are you learning something new?
Sunny Savita: Are you learning something new, yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Okay, so you can practice with this particular notebook, and you will get…
Sunny Savita: basically everything, okay? You will get everything with respect to what? With respect to the LLM models, from where we have to access.
Sunny Savita: And what model we are going to be consumed in our future.
Sunny Savita: So I've given you the updated code, you can take it from the GitHub itself.
Sunny Savita: So, do you want the break, guys? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: If you want the break, I can give you the dinner break, so we all can go for the dinner break now.
Sunny Savita: And, after that, guys, again, we'll start with the session, okay? So, if you wanted to get an updated code, I already given you over here.
Sunny Savita: please check out with the GitHub itself.
Sunny Savita: So I'm updating the entire code and all everything over here itself, okay?
Sunny Savita: Can you select any model from the open router? No, there is also some limitation in free access. So just check out what all model you can access. I've shown you the Cloud model, okay? Just check out what all model you can access from the
Sunny Savita: From the open router. Got it, Rahul?
Sunny Savita: So, see, this is a binary representation of the image.
Sunny Savita: I will delete it, and then again, I will post it, okay?
Sunny Savita: It is a very huge string, actually.
Sunny Savita: So this is the code, guys. The further code is also updated inside this notebook only. You can check out. So, we are here as of now.
Sunny Savita: We are here, as of now.
Sunny Savita: We are… we have discussed the open router. Now I will come to the hugging phase, okay? So we'll discuss about the hugging phase, how you can load the different, different model from the hugging Face itself.
Sunny Savita: Got it.
Sunny Savita: Great.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so let me put the timer, and after the dinner break, guys, again, we'll start with the session. Thank you, everyone.
Sunny Savita: Sir, do we cover all armor today? Yes, I'll show you the Olama. Is open router will have more advanced model than Ollama? No, Open Router is having a more advanced model. Yes, you are right.
Sunny Savita: What is the difference between length and open router? See, what is the difference between Langchair and open router? What do you think? What is the difference?
Sunny Savita: If we're talking about the difference between the length and an open router, So…
Sunny Savita: Here we have an open router, and let's say here we have a link chain.
Sunny Savita: So, Langchen is providing you the model.
Sunny Savita: Langchen is providing you the model.
Sunny Savita: No. Open router.
Sunny Savita: Providing with a model.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: You can generate… you can generate API key, And access the model.
Sunny Savita: Langchen is not providing you the model.
Sunny Savita: It is?
Sunny Savita: Note.
Sunny Savita: Providing you the modem.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: It is… just… Giving you the… Integration.
Sunny Savita: means… generate the API key.
Sunny Savita: API key.
Sunny Savita: From the… respective platform.
Sunny Savita: like OpenAI, Cloud, Germany, Okay?
Sunny Savita: Or?
Sunny Savita: open router
Sunny Savita: Or… Open.
Sunny Savita: router, okay?
Sunny Savita: And…
Sunny Savita: access the model. That's it, guys. So this is the difference between the open router and the Langchen. This is the biggest difference. And this lanction, basically, it is extensively being used for the RAG application, for the agentic application, because it is supporting so many things. So here is study only, I've given you the list.
Sunny Savita: for the thing is being supported by the langchain, so here, basically, these all are the things being supported by the Langchain. Let me write over here.
Sunny Savita: These all are the things. Prompt template, memory, memory management, okay.
Sunny Savita: Document loader, text splitter, embedding, vector database integration.
Sunny Savita: Right? Retrievers, different, different retriever tools, different tools. Okay. Agentic, framework, Right?
Sunny Savita: Or agentic module, I can say.
Sunny Savita: Right? Tracing, observability, via Langesmith, evaluation, model switching, okay, so we can switch the model from the different, different API, from the different, different platform, okay? In the same format, in the same way. So, Open Router is a platform which is providing you the model. They have hosted the model.
Sunny Savita: Via API key you can access. Langchain basically is not providing the model. It is just giving you the integration, means you can generate the API key from the respective platform.
Sunny Savita: Okay, open router is also there, and then you can access the model.
Sunny Savita: Clear or not, this difference is clear.
Sunny Savita: Got it.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So fine, guys, let's take a quick break, and then again, we'll start. Thank you very much.
Sunny Savita: If still you have any doubt, let's say if I'm not able to answer for any doubt, you can ask me in a doubt session.
Sunny Savita: And guys, from next class onwards, we are going to be start… fine-tuning ad.
Sunny Savita: Hugging face, okay?
Sunny Savita: So this is going to be a topic from our next class, for our next class.
Sunny Savita: So we'll discuss about the fine-tuning and the hugging phase, and one more framework I'll be discussing, that is an unslot.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, from next class onwards, guys, don't miss, this is going to be important.
Sunny Savita: And, here, again, this will take at least 5 classes.
Sunny Savita: So I will take 5 classes, means approximately 2 to 3 weeks to complete this particular topic.
Sunny Savita: And then, guys, we'll move either onto the project, or we'll move to the RAG itself, okay?
Sunny Savita: What is the feedback, Santosh? Please write the feedback.
Sunny Savita: Okay, fine.
Sunny Savita: So, putting a timer, and then again, we'll start with the session. Thank you, guys.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, can we start with the session?
Sunny Savita: Just give me quick confirmation. If, everyone is there, then we can start.
Sunny Savita: Okay, let's, begin, let's start with the session. So, guys, we have seen how we can access the model from the open router. So, in future, if we are going to be access any model, or if we are going to be use the open router in our project, then will you be able to access the model from there?
Sunny Savita: Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Okay, great.
Sunny Savita: So, let's do one thing now. Let's see how we can access the model from the hugging Face, okay? Now, while we are learning that, so tomorrow, let's say we are going to build a project, okay?
Sunny Savita: Let me, explain you that also. Let's say tomorrow we are going to be building a project, and now in the project, guys, tell me what we are going to use. We are going to be using the LLM only, correct?
Sunny Savita: So let's say if someone is not able to load the LLM from the OpenAI or from the cloud, so they can easily take the model from the free places, okay? So you can take the model from the open router.
Sunny Savita: You can take the model from the, let's say, hugging phase, okay? You can access the model via Grog, and even you can access the model via OLAMA.
Sunny Savita: Right? So that's why we are learning how to access the model from the different, different places. So, let's see how we can access the model from the hugging phase. So, guys, in the starting of the session, when I was teaching you the embedding, correct? So, at that time, did I explain you how to generate a token from the hugging phase?
Sunny Savita: Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: So, if you will go and check with my previous session, there, I have already explained to you how to generate a token from the hugging phase, okay? Already, I'll mention a link, inside my Notion notes. So, here you can see, I already mentioned, inside the Notion, how to generate a token from the hugging phase, from where we have to generate the token.
Sunny Savita: So just click on it, and once you will click over here, you will be directly redirecting to that specific page, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, you can create a token. So, here you can create a token with a read or write permission, and then you can generate, and you can pass that particular token inside the .env file.
Sunny Savita: So, I already created a token, if I can show you. So, here is the token, guys, inside the .env file I kept.
Sunny Savita: This one, okay? Now, what I'm doing, guys, so here, I'm going to be set it as an environment variable. So, every token, you will have to set as an environment variable, otherwise, you will have to manually pass it over here.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, yes or no? So, either I'm saying key, or I'm saying token, both are same, right? Either I can say key, or I can set token over here. Making sense?
Sunny Savita: Guys, give me a minute, okay, wait.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so guys, either we can say key, or we can say token. Both is going to be what? Both is going to be same, okay? Now, here, I am going to beside the token as an environment variable, so this step is going to be same.
Sunny Savita: Then, here, you can see, I'm going to define this endpoint, okay? I'm going to be import this endpoint. So this end…
Sunny Savita: This endpoint, again, I'm going to be import from where… this endpoint, I'm going to be import from the hugging phase, Langchain hugging phase, which I already installed from my requirement.txt, okay? So let me run it, run it, guys, and see. I have defined this, sorry, I have imported this endpoint.
Sunny Savita: Now, let me create an object of this endpoint, Hugging Face endpoint, and here I have to pass a couple of things. So, here I'm passing this Hugging Face endpoint. Sorry, here I have my Hugging Face endpoint. Now, to this, I'm passing my repository ID, which model I wanted to access.
Sunny Savita: then what is going to be a task of that model, okay? And how many maximum token I wanted to generate from there, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, this is, like, my LLM, and I have defined my LLM. Now, what I have to do, guys, I have to import one more thing, that is going to be chat-hugging phase. So, to this chat-hugging phase, I have to provide the LLM, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, here is my chat model. So, my chat model is ready. Now, what I will do, guys, so using this chat model, I can generate any sort of an answer, okay? So, this is my message, basically, which I'm passing. So, you are a helpful assistant, and this is what, this is the, basically my message, okay? Human input, this is what, this is my prompt, guys, which I'm passing to the model.
Sunny Savita: So, after passing it to the model guys, what I'll do, I'll, get the final answer from there. Let me show you.
Sunny Savita: How to generate a final answer. So, here is my chat model, then I'm calling this invoke, and then I'm passing this message, and then what I'll be getting, guys, I'll be getting the AI message. So, let me generate the final AI message.
Sunny Savita: And here, you can pass any sort of a model from the hugging phase.
Sunny Savita: Okay, let me show you that what our model is there over the hugging phase, and I'll show you how you can pass… sorry, how you can copy that ID, and how you can pass it over here.
Sunny Savita: What is the uses of the system message over here? Lokesh, just tell me, what could be the use of the system message?
Sunny Savita: Tell me, Lucas.
Sunny Savita: I think you are enough capable to understand the use of this system message. So just by reading this particular message, tell me what is the use of it.
Sunny Savita: It is. What it is doing? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: Tell me, tell me, tell me.
Sunny Savita: Tell me, Lokeshakarval, I'm asking to you only. Tell me.
Sunny Savita: Only for a journal message. What is a journal message? See, here I'm giving some instruction to the LLM.
Sunny Savita: I'm saying, you are a helpful assistant, means I'm setting the behavior of the
Sunny Savita: LLM, right? I can pass any message, and according to this particular behavior, my model will generate a response. So I can set any sort of a behavior, any sort of a role.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point? Yes or no? So the system message, basically, it is just to set the role.
Sunny Savita: System message is for… is poor.
Sunny Savita: System message.
Sunny Savita: Just to… Sertada.
Sunny Savita: role, or the… behavior?
Sunny Savita: of the LNN, okay?
Sunny Savita: For that.
Sunny Savita: Active session.
Sunny Savita: For the active session.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point?
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now, over here, guys, see, I'm able to generate the AI message, and this is what? This is my final message.
Sunny Savita: Now, if you will go through with the Hugging Face, so just open your browser and search Hugging Face.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Now, here, this is the link of the Hugging Face. Now, just open it and open the model. So, these all are the model which is being provided by the Hugging Face, okay? So you can access any sort of a model. So, there are so many models, basically.
Sunny Savita: It is an open repository, so you will find out so many models, okay? So you can use some well-known model, like Quan model, Llama model, Mistral model, any sort of a model you can utilize. Let's say if I wanted to use this Quen model, so what I will do…
Sunny Savita: So, coin, basically, it is for image to text. Let's say I wanted to use this. DeepSeek, Deep, DeepSeek B4 Pro Model, okay? So I'll take this, repo ID from here, and I will open my code.
Sunny Savita: And after opening that, guys, what I will do, I will define my model ID over here, okay?
Sunny Savita: So I will define my repo ID over here. So let me mention the repo ID. So this is what… this is going to be my repo ID. I'll pass the repo ID over here, and I will comment this earlier one, okay?
Sunny Savita: So this is what, guys, this is my repo ID, and I think so it is clear now how to define the repo ID. Now, I will, define the chat model, so here is my chat model, and after that, guys, I will define my message. Now, here I am invoking my chat model, and then I'm going to be generate the final output from here. Getting my point? How to take a model?
Sunny Savita: So, see, guys, here it is going to be genera.
Sunny Savita: Here is what? Here it is going to be generated what? Here is going to be generate the output.
Sunny Savita: Clear. If it is clear, please let me know in the chat if this, Hugging Face thing is going to be clear to all of you. Now, over here, tell me, guys, we are going to be use Hugging Face for what?
Sunny Savita: For what kind of task? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: For what kind of task we are doing that.
Sunny Savita: So we are doing that for the text-to-text generation.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So we are doing that for the text-to-text generation. Now, we have a text-to-image model also, okay? So you can use that text-to-image, image-to-text model. So here I can mention, at the end of this Hugging fish. So as a homework, guys, what you can do.
Sunny Savita: As a homework.
Sunny Savita: you can.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so as a homework, you can experiment with a different model of the… from the hugging face.
Sunny Savita: Text to image… Or image to text.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: Image to text, or… Audio to text.
Sunny Savita: Or text to audio.
Sunny Savita: Understood, guys? Is it clear to all of you? Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: So, why we use Hugging Face? Hugging Face, we will discuss in a detail in the upcoming session. As of now, I'm just showing you how to use Hugging Face for the model access.
Sunny Savita: Understood, Neha? Is it clear?
Sunny Savita: So, here I already mentioned C.
Sunny Savita: what I mentioned over here?
Sunny Savita: Neha, are you able to read this thing?
Sunny Savita: If you are able to read this thing, please let me know, this one. What I have written over here.
Sunny Savita: Fine Tuning, Hugging Face, and Unsloth.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So, Hugging Face will discuss in a detail.
Sunny Savita: In the upcoming session, we'll discuss that. As of now, we are understanding Hugging phase, how to access the model via Hugging phase, okay? How to access any sort of a model via Hugging phase.
Sunny Savita: via Hugging Face API.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so I hope this is clear. Now, let's understand about the Gemini.
Sunny Savita: So, can we move to the Gemini now?
Sunny Savita: Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Using the transformer library, we can download the model in our system. But if we're talking about the Hugging Face Endpoint API, with that, we can load the model for the inferencing. Got it?
Sunny Savita: Both open router and Hugging Face serves same purpose? Yes, it is serving the same purpose. Open router, as well as the hugging Face, okay? But Hugging Face is like a little bust. We have so many things over here.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Yes, Grok, Open Router, Hugging Face for the same purpose. So, I'm giving you the different, different way. Let's say tomorrow your Grok API is not working. You can read the model from the open router. Let's say you wanted to read any model from the Hugging Face directly, you can read from there. So, I'm giving you the various, various options.
Sunny Savita: Understood, SR ready?
Sunny Savita: Okay. Now, guys, let's do one thing. Let's, discuss about the, Gemini. I hope, guys, you are already familiar with the Gemini, Google Gemini. I've shown you that while I was using the embedding from there, and even I shown you that this Gemini API SDK in the last class. Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Yes, Azure Poundry Bedrock, actually, it is playing a same role.
Sunny Savita: what Hugging Face is doing. You are right, Sandeep. Now your understanding is getting built, day by day, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, guys, if we're talking about the Gemini, right? So, Jimny is also providing us a different, different model. Some models are the paid ones, some model are the free one. So, if you will go and check with my Notion notes, so there I already mentioned the link of the Gemini, okay? So, just open that, guys, just open the link of the Gemini.
Sunny Savita: Here is an option to open the link for the Gemini.
Sunny Savita: Open it, guys. Now, once you will open it, guys, here you can see the pricing option.
Sunny Savita: So, just see what they have mentioned in the pricing. Are you able to see this pricing option or not? Please let me know if you are able to see this pricing option.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now tell me, guys, how many pricing options we have over here. So the first is going to be a free one, the second is going to be a paid one, and the third is going to be what? Third is going to be an enterprise one, okay? So we're talking about the free. Now, tell me, guys, in free version, can we access every model?
Sunny Savita: In free version, can we access every model?
Sunny Savita: No. We cannot access every model, okay? So we can only access the limited model for the limited period of time.
Sunny Savita: Okay, or for the limited token limit. We cannot access every sort of a model, we cannot access every sort of a model in the free variants.
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, if you will see, so I mentioned the name, that water model you can access in a free variant.
Sunny Savita: So, here is all the name.
Sunny Savita: So, this, Jiminy 2.5 Flash, Jiminy 2.5 Pro, Jiminy 2.5 Flash Lite, Flash Native Audio Preview, okay, text-to-speech model, embedding model, it is a multi-model embedding model, then.
Sunny Savita: This Jimny embedding 001, text the embedding model. So, this many models, we can access as a free one.
Sunny Savita: Understood, guys. So, whenever you are using any emitting… whenever you are using any model from the Gemini… now, guys, tell me, have you faced that exhaust limit error?
Sunny Savita: Have you faced that exhaust resource error?
Sunny Savita: Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: So, Jimmy generally is giving that particular error. Why it is giving that particular error? Because… why it is giving you that particular error? Because you can… you can access the model for the limited period of time.
Sunny Savita: for the limited period of tokens, okay? So I think you can access it for the one month. I am not sure, they haven't mentioned over the, over the, basically, documentation, but again.
Sunny Savita: you can access it for the limited, number of tokens, okay? So, limited model, limited uses, limited time period, and that's why sometimes we are getting that particular issue with the free API.
Sunny Savita: If you're getting that issue, then what you can do, you can generate a new API key with a new ID. Got it? Now, over here, guys,
Sunny Savita: what we are doing… so we are going to be generate the Google API key. I think I already shown you how to generate the Google API key. And I mentioned that Google API key inside the .env folder, okay? So here is my Google API key, this one.
Sunny Savita: Now, what I will do, guys, after generating this Google API key here, I will pass this model, Jiminy 2.5 Flashlight. Now, tell me, is it a free model, or is it a paid model?
Sunny Savita: It is a free model, right? So I have initialized this particular model, let me initialize this particular model. Now, after that, guys, what I will do, I will pass the message to this particular model, okay? So this is my message, you can pass any sort of a message over here. Now, if I'm going to invoke it, guys, not tell me, what it is saying.
Sunny Savita: It is saying to remove a fly, forbidden.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, so I think my key is leaked.
Sunny Savita: My key is leaked. Can you see the message over here? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Is it visible to all of you?
Sunny Savita: So they are saying my key is leaked now. I cannot use that. I think I will have to generate a new key now. Okay, let me generate a new key, just a second.
Sunny Savita: I'm going to delete the previous key now, wait a minute.
Sunny Savita: This is the biggest problem, actually.
Sunny Savita: So, let me generate a new key.
Sunny Savita: Hmm… Okay, I'm going to delete it first.
Sunny Savita: now creating a new key, and then the name… I can keep any name, I can write any name, and then I'm creating a key, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, here is my key. I'm just going to be copied from here.
Sunny Savita: And then I'm keeping it inside my .env file.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now what I'm doing, guys, I'm just going to be, restart my session.
Sunny Savita: Restarting the session is required whenever you are changing the key.
Sunny Savita: So, restart the session always.
Sunny Savita: After restarting, guys, let me restart it.
Sunny Savita: And let me check, did I get a key or not? So, here is my key. This one.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so I got the key, let me check whether it is correct or not. SY is there.
Sunny Savita: your SKU SY is there. Now, what I'll do, guys, I'll delete it from here.
Sunny Savita: And now, let me again execute it. So, I'm loading the model.
Sunny Savita: Then I will load the message, and then I, again, I will invoke it. So let me invoke it, let's see whether I'm able to generate or not. Yes. Now my output is coming, and here you can see the output.
Sunny Savita: So is it fine, guys? I hope you are able to understand.
Sunny Savita: I generated a new key, I passed the model, here is my message, and then rest of the step is going to be same.
Sunny Savita: Now, did you… have you foc… have you focused on one thing? I'm going to be using the same thing. Invoke?
Sunny Savita: Okay, and then content. Invoke and content. And I'm passing a same, format of message. So this is the benefit of the langchen, guys.
Sunny Savita: This is the benefit of the line chain, where we can use a model from the different, different places in a same way, okay? Irrespective to any platform, irrespective to any provider, we can use a model from the different, different places, in a same format.
Sunny Savita: Now, I hope this is clear. Now, tell me, guys, this model, basically, it was a text-to-text model, or text-to-image model. Tell me fast.
Sunny Savita: Text-to-text model. But guys, Google is providing us so many different, different type of models, so let me show you that also. So we're talking about the Google, guys, so Google is providing us image-to-text also. So we can provide an image, and we can convert into the text, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, here you can see we have an image. Can you see this particular image?
Sunny Savita: Tell me, guys.
Sunny Savita: Can you see this particular image or not?
Sunny Savita: How many docs we have inside this image.
Sunny Savita: how many docs we have inside this particular image. So, we have 6 docs inside this particular image. Now, what I'm doing, guys, so over here, you can see, this is my method for the encoding. Here, I'm passing this image to this particular method for the encoded version. Here is my LLM, okay, and here is my message.
Sunny Savita: Now, just see the… see into the message what I'm writing. I'm writing type text, and this is my text. I'm writing, describe this image in a detail. Okay, and I'm passing the image URL.
Sunny Savita: So directly, I can pass the image URL from the web, from the… any repository and all, or I can pass the image as an encoded format, okay? So here is my message, guys. Now I'm passing this particular message to the LLM, and let's see what it is going to be generated. So let me execute it, and let's see whether it is able to perform image…
Sunny Savita: Just a second, what it is telling to me…
Sunny Savita: API key expired, please renew the API key.
Sunny Savita: Am I using a different API key over here?
Sunny Savita: I just generated the API key, no?
Sunny Savita: I just generated the… okay, okay, guys, I think… I need to check… Google API key is fine.
Sunny Savita: Now, let me mention this API key inside the model itself.
Sunny Savita: So, here I can mention API key.
Sunny Savita: API underscore key, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, Google API key, then here is my API key.
Sunny Savita: Let me check, guys, is it a correct parameter or not?
Sunny Savita: Why I'm getting this error.
Sunny Savita: This is fine. Actually, before the session, I generated that it was working fine.
Sunny Savita: So, till here, everything is perfect.
Sunny Savita: After that, guys, here I need to pass that model.
Sunny Savita: Oh, this is fine, no?
Sunny Savita: This, this, this, this, this, okay, this is fine, no.
Sunny Savita: Google API key.
Sunny Savita: This is perfect.
Sunny Savita: This is fine.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now this is fine, this is fine.
Sunny Savita: No, here I need to passport.
Sunny Savita: Actually, it is not giving me option for the parameter. Let me check, guys. Just a second, I'm passing the parameter.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, this is a parameter, actually. Google API key.
Sunny Savita: Okay, let me check whether I'm able to initiate or not. So yeah, this is fine.
Sunny Savita: Now, here is my message. So, this is my message.
Sunny Savita: Okay, and now what I'll do, guys…
Sunny Savita: I'll generate a response from here. So let me generate a response.
Sunny Savita: Let's see whether I'm able to generate a response or not now.
Sunny Savita: So guys, if your environment variable is failing now, you can mention expl… you can mention the key explicitly also. So here you can see I mentioned the key over here. Can you see this one?
Sunny Savita: I have mentioned the key inside this particular class, okay? You can mention as a parameter. So, now it is fine, it is able to generate a response, and let's see what I'm getting over here. So, guys, this is a detailed response. Now, see how, basically…
Sunny Savita: how well… They have defined the response from that image.
Sunny Savita: It's a very good response, guys. Yes or no? Agree or not? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: His response is very good.
Sunny Savita: So, Google Model is, like, very good, okay? Image-to-text model is very good.
Sunny Savita: You can utilize that in our production as well, right?
Sunny Savita: So, now over here, here we have not used a system message. Yeah, it is not required, so that's why I haven't used… it is not always required, no? In terms of image, what system message you will pass, Abhishek, tell me.
Sunny Savita: If it is required, use that. If it is not required, don't use that. It is not a mandatory rule, sir.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: It is not a mandatory rule that you have to use the system message. You can skip that one. That's it.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now, here, you can see we are able to generate a response. So, this is the response. Now, what I'm doing, guys…
Sunny Savita: I'm going to show you some different other models. So let's, look into the text-to-audio and audio-to-text. So guys, can we look into this type of model? Text to audio and audio-to-text.
Sunny Savita: Google is providing us this model, audio-to-text and text-to-audio, and after that, guys, I will give you one, assignment, okay? Not assignment, basically, just a homework, I can mention it over here.
Sunny Savita: So let me mention the homework over here.
Sunny Savita: I will give you the homework, guys, okay? Don't worry, I'll do that.
Sunny Savita: So, guys, what I'm going to do, I'm going to be convert audio to text.
Sunny Savita: So, this is a model, basically, which is responsible for converting audio to text, okay?
Sunny Savita: This is the model. Jiminy 2.5 flash we can utilize.
Sunny Savita: for converting my data from audio to text, okay? We'll pass our audio, and it will convert.
Sunny Savita: Actually, we can use the encoded version of the audio, so we can do the encoding in the same way like we were doing for the images.
Sunny Savita: So, here, what I'm doing, guys, let me do one thing, let me keep it inside the different cell. So, this is what, guys, this is my code, this is my imported statement, okay? Now, this is my encoded method. As I told you, we can encode any sort of a data into the base64 string, okay? In a binary string, binary format.
Sunny Savita: Now, after that, guys, what I'm doing, I'm passing this particular audio to the… I'm passing this particular audio, audio MP3, okay, to this particular method, right? So, let me show you where is the file.
Sunny Savita: Here is a file. So guys, did you get this file? I provided you via GitHub? Just tell me if you got it or not.
Sunny Savita: Can I play this file? Can I play this file?
Sunny Savita: Okay, so I'm going to… I'm going to replay this file, see?
Sunny Savita: Are you able to hear it or not?
Sunny Savita: Tell me, guys.
Sunny Savita: Now, are you able to hear?
Sunny Savita: One of the most exciting areas in artificial intelligence.
Sunny Savita: Where models can understand and generate multiple types of data, such as text.
Sunny Savita: Images, audio, and video, enabling powerful applications like image captioning.
Sunny Savita: Speech recognition, text-to-image generation, AI voice assistance, visual question answering, and intelligent agent systems that can interact with the world in a much more human-like way.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, so are you able to hear this recording or not? Tell me, yes or no?
Sunny Savita: You can take this particular recording from here as well. So just do one thing, just go and check with my GitHub. I have given you this particular recording over the GitHub.
Sunny Savita: open the folder and see over here. Can you see this file?
Sunny Savita: Audio MP3.
Sunny Savita: Just download this file in your local, and you can utilize that, okay?
Sunny Savita: So guys, what we have? Tell me, do we have audio? Can we convert this audio into the text?
Sunny Savita: Yes or no? So, how we can convert this audio into the text? So, over here, we are going to be import this chat Google Genitive AI class, then here is my encoded function, then here is my base64 version of the audio, okay? Till here, everything is fine. I hope everything is clear.
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, what I'm doing, so here, I'm going to be…
Sunny Savita: initialize the LLM, okay? So model is there, we can utilize the same model, and here is my Google API key.
Sunny Savita: Now, what I can do, guys, here is my message, so now over here, see in how, in, in which manner we are going to perform this particular message. So, type is what? Type is text, so this is what, this is my text. Transcript this audio into the English text.
Sunny Savita: Now, here is a type. Type is a media. Mine… M-I-M-E type is what?
Sunny Savita: Audio MP3, okay, and data is what? Data is this? Base64 audio, right? This one, this particular string.
Sunny Savita: Now, if I'm going to be run it, guys, so I will be able to initialize my message. Now, here, guys, you can see, so…
Sunny Savita: I'm going to generate a response. So here is what, here is my response. Let's see whether I will be able to generate a response or not, and then I will print this particular response over here. So if I'm going to be running it, guys, so see over here? This is the response. Okay, I'm able to get a response. Let's try to match this response.
Sunny Savita: So this is the response, guys. Okay, again, I'm going to play the recording, and let's see whether the response… whether the response is the same or not. Where models can understand and generate multiple types of data, such as text.
Sunny Savita: Images, audio, and video, enabling powerful applications like image captioning.
Sunny Savita: Speech recognition, text-to-image generation, AI voice assistants, visual question answering, and intelligent agentic systems that can interact with the world in a much more human-like way.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now tell me, guys, are we able to generate the exact transcript using this particular method? Tell me, yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Yes?
Sunny Savita: Okay, great. Yes, you can pass any sort of a recording. So, whatever recording you have, basically, you can pass any sort of a recording. So this is one of the ways. Freely, you can generate the… freely, you can generate the transcript. Now, guys, see.
Sunny Savita: One more thing. Many people are asking system message and all. Yes, we can pass the system message also over here.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Like we were defining the list now, inside that we were having the system message, so along with the human message, you can pass the system message as well. But whenever we are passing a message, this human message, to the different, different type of model, like image model, audio model, so according to that only, we'll have to be defined the parameter. So for the image model, the parameter is different, okay? For the audio model, the parameter is different.
Sunny Savita: So you will have to be focused on that particular part.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys? Yes or no? So, in this particular way only, you will have to do that. Is it clear? Rajkumar… Ram Kumarji?
Sunny Savita: Okay, great. Now, guys, can we do text-to-audio? Are you ready for that?
Sunny Savita: Tell me, yes or no, are you ready for that?
Sunny Savita: Text to audio, okay? So, for text-to-audio, guys, see, I wanted to tell you one thing.
Sunny Savita: We are going to be convert text to audio, okay? So here, we are going to be convert text to audio via what? Via Jimmy model.
Sunny Savita: So guys, here we are going to be convert text to audio via Jiminy model.
Sunny Savita: Okay, you can convert using the different other model also.
Sunny Savita: Different other model also.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Like, OpenAI is also providing you some model.
Sunny Savita: OpenAI is also.
Sunny Savita: providing.
Sunny Savita: U, some model.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: So, some model… You will get.
Sunny Savita: some model you will get from Hugging Face.
Sunny Savita: from Open Router.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: some model you will get from the Hugging Face from the open router, right? But guys, here.
Sunny Savita: But guys, here, see. But guys, here, you will not… Always get langchin wrapper, actually.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So whatever, model we have, used so far, right, so we are using through the Langchen itself, tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Yes or no? Are we using via Langchen only? Whatever model we are going to be used.
Sunny Savita: We are going to be used via Langchen only, right? But guys, for audio to text, okay, or, sorry, text to audio…
Sunny Savita: Or, for other, tasks also, right? Even audio-to-audio, video-to-video, you will not get the Langchen Ripper. So there is some more case, like, audio-to-audio.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Or… Image to image, even for image-to-image also.
Sunny Savita: Image to image, video to video.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So for this kind of, for this kind of, basically, even for text-to-audio also, okay?
Sunny Savita: Text to audio.
Sunny Savita: Right? Even text to audio, text to image.
Sunny Savita: Sorry, text to video. For this kind of task, guys.
Sunny Savita: But for this kind of task.
Sunny Savita: you will not always get a Langchen wrapper.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so let me refine this.
Sunny Savita: But four…
Sunny Savita: But for this, kind of task.
Sunny Savita: Okay? You will not always get a luncheon wrapper. So if we are not having a Langchen wrapper, then what is a way, guys, how we can access those models?
Sunny Savita: If we don't have Langchen Rapper.
Sunny Savita: If you don't have luncheon wrapper, So, we can… directly use Those models via… API SDK.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, we can directly use… We can directly use.
Sunny Savita: OpenAI SDK,
Sunny Savita: We can use the Google Gemini SDK,
Sunny Savita: Okay, we can use the Open Router SDK.
Sunny Savita: Getting clear or not, guys? This text is clear to all of you. Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: If it is clear, tell me, fast.
Sunny Savita: So, whatever I have written, if it is clear, tell me, tell me, tell me, yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Yes?
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: I hope it is clear, okay? Now, guys, here, if you will see, so for converting my text to audio, text into audio file, what I'm going to be used, can anyone tell me what I'm going to be used over here? Tell me, tell me fast what I'm going to be used over here.
Sunny Savita: So, guys, here you will see…
Sunny Savita: Sorry, sorry, sorry, just a second, guys. Let me… Zoom out, okay?
Sunny Savita: Let me zoom out over here. Where is the zoom out?
Sunny Savita: Appearance, and zoom out, okay? So guys, if you will see over here, so we are going to be using the OpenAI SDK, right? So we are going to be use the OpenAI SDK, and here you can see the entire code. So let me explain the code. So first, we are going to be import this Gen AI, right?
Sunny Savita: So, from where we are going to be imported, from the, Gemini SD… sorry, we are going to be using the Gemini SDK. It's not an OpenAI SDK. So, we are going to be using Gen AI from the Google SDK, okay? From the Google Gen AI itself, we are going to be import the types, and then we are going to be import the WAV, right?
Sunny Savita: Now, here, what I'll do, guys, I will initialize my client, I will pass my API key, and I will initialize my client.
Sunny Savita: So, here you can see, we are going to be initialized a client, right? Now, here, guys, we are going to be generate a response. So, using which model, we are going to be generate a response using this particular model. Now, tell me, guys, this model is freely accessible, this model.
Sunny Savita: This model, actually, it's freely accessible, okay?
Sunny Savita: Okay, so this model, actually, it is freely accessible for text-to-speech conversation. Now, here is what… here is my text. I can write anything. Hello, student, today we are learning multimodal AI, and you are…
Sunny Savita: And, you are in Sunny Savita class.
Sunny Savita: Where he is teaching you.
Sunny Savita: Where he is teaching you multimodal AI, right? So this is my content, which I wanted to convert into the audio. Now here, I have defined some configuration.
Sunny Savita: So, type.configuration, generate configuration. So, what kind of output I wanted to generate, that is our speech, okay? So, what is our speech configuration, guys? So, here is our speech configuration. So, voice type, okay, so here is a voice configuration. So, I'm writing this pre-bullet voice configuration, so I'm passing this.
Sunny Savita: Core, okay? Boy's name is what? This core. Can anyone tell me what is this core over here?
Sunny Savita: Tell me, guys, if you understand, tell me what is the score.
Sunny Savita: Tell me.
Sunny Savita: It is a… What is this code? It is a voice persona.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So…
Sunny Savita: Here, basically, core means what kind of voice you are going to be generating. Male voice, female voice, deep voice, short voice, energetic voice. So, it is a voice persona. Getting my point? So, you can define the different, different name over here. They are providing you with a different, different name you can define over here.
Sunny Savita: And if I'm going to be run it, guys, see, my response will be available, my response will be generated.
Sunny Savita: And even I can check my audio file as well, okay? I'll show you the audio file, so if I'm going to be run it, guys, for here, I'll be getting my audio file. So, output wave is my audio file. Can I execute it, guys? Tell me yes or no. Can I execute it or not?
Sunny Savita: Tell me first. Once you will say, yes, sir, I will execute that. See?
Sunny Savita: Hello, students! Today, we are learning multimodal AI, and you are in Sunny Savita class, where he is teaching you multimodal AI.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, so are you able to hear this thing or not? Tell me, yes or no. Are you able to hear this thing or not?
Sunny Savita: So, it is a voice of the female.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: Again, let me run it. Hello, students! Today, we are learning multimodal AI, and you are in Sunny Savita class, where he is teaching you multimodal AI.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so we are able to even generate text from the… sorry, we are able to generate audio from the
Sunny Savita: text as well, okay? So this audio is… this audio is clear. If you will, listen it inside your system, you will get a clear-cut recording.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Maybe you are hearing via my system, so just hear it inside your system, I will provide you this file, and you will get a clear-cut recording, okay?
Sunny Savita: Great. Someone is saying the voice is very seducive. So you can do the configuration over here, whatever you wanted to mention.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: You can clone your voice as well. You can check out the different, different configuration. Nowadays, we have so many platforms for this kind of task, actually. I'm just showing you one of the tasks. Sorry, I'm just showing you with one of the way, actually, right? But in our application, we are hardly going to be used that.
Sunny Savita: In a voice AI agent, it is being used, and there are so many other different platforms we can utilize.
Sunny Savita: Have you… do you know about the 11 laps?
Sunny Savita: You know about the 11 Labs. It's a very good,
Sunny Savita: platform, actually, right? For the voice AI agents.
Sunny Savita: It is costly, but yeah, it is very good, and most of the production grid application is using the
Sunny Savita: 11 laps, okay?
Sunny Savita: Great.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, I mentioned the name inside the notes itself. I can show you that, okay? So here, basically, if you will go through with my notes now, I mentioned the different, different APIs over here.
Sunny Savita: Can you see the, audio APIs? Is it visible? So, OpenAI is providing that, Google is providing that, 11 Lips is providing that, DeepGram is providing that, Azure Speech is providing you that, Assembly AI is also providing you that. So, these all are the, API's name, okay? Sarvam AI is also providing you that.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Sarwam is there, correct? Nova is also there. Yes, it's saying NOVA, sir. Don't forget about NOVA.
Sunny Savita: So, Servoam is also providing you that.
Sunny Savita: So there are so many, platforms, actually.
Sunny Savita: So, making sense to all of you, so how's the learning so far? Are we able to explore the different LLMs and all? So, in practical, generally, the architecture doesn't matter, actually, right? So, we have to understand the API structure. That's it, guys, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, today we understood so many things. Should I go with the Olama also, guys? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: Because from next class onwards, we are going to be start the, we are going to be start with the fine-tuning, okay?
Sunny Savita: So let's take 5 minutes of break, quick water break, and then I'll explain you that, right?
Sunny Savita: This is the WAV file, it is just a configuration of the WAV file, this one.
Sunny Savita: You can, mention the speed, frame rate, and all according to your requirement.
Sunny Savita: you can tweak this particular part, okay? That's it.
Sunny Savita: So guys, tell me, should I cover the OLAMA in today's class? It will take 15 to 20 minutes, or else should I cover… or else I should cover in the next class?
Sunny Savita: Because in next class, we are going to be start this one. In the next class, basically, we are going to be start.
Sunny Savita: With the hugging… sorry, with the hugging face and the fine-tuning, okay?
Sunny Savita: So there's 3 things we are going to be learned from the next class onwards.
Sunny Savita: Fine-tuning Hugging Face and Nunslong.
Sunny Savita: Okay, let's do one thing, guys. Let's do it in the next class, okay? So, it will not take much time. I think within 15 minutes only, we can do it.
Sunny Savita: So, OLAMA, basically having little more things. So, for, for this one, na, for this one, basically, we required some additional setup, actually. So, do one thing, do that additional setup, and in the next class, we can do it. So, we're talking about the OLAMA. For that, you will have to be installed the OLAMA inside your local.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, Olama, download. So, once you will search the Olama now, you will get the website of the Olama. Now, over here, guys, you can see the option of downloading the Olama.
Sunny Savita: So, can you see the option for downloading the OLAMA? Is it visible to all of you?
Sunny Savita: Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: So here, guys, if we are going to be download this OLAMA, let's say my system is a Windows system.
Sunny Savita: So, if I will click on it… So, this is a 2GB of file, guys.
Sunny Savita: How much, see, this is a 2GB of file, so it will take some time.
Sunny Savita: So, we are going to be installing this Olama inside our system. It will take 50 to 20 minutes.
Sunny Savita: So, better, you can install this Ollama for the next session, and then I can show you in the next class. Is it fine to all of you? Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so I'm providing you this link, you can set up this OLAMA inside your local system, and then I will discuss in the next class.
Sunny Savita: So, I'm providing you this link inside my notes as well.
Sunny Savita: So, I'm just keeping it over here. Just a second, guys. Notion.
Sunny Savita: So you can download this Olama, guys, and here is the link of the Olama.
Sunny Savita: Yes, after the downloading, you need to be installed.
Sunny Savita: Common sense, no, right? After downloading, you will install, correct?
Sunny Savita: Otherwise, what you will do with the downloaded version?
Sunny Savita: Isab is saying, can you provide the syllabus module? Isab, I already mentioned, right?
Sunny Savita: You're not checking out the link, I think.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so guys, just a second. I can mention the correct name over here.
Sunny Savita: Class 16 and 17th, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, both notes I'm keeping inside a single folder.
Sunny Savita: Class 16 and 17 May 2016.
Sunny Savita: Notion… oh, okay, just a second. So, here is the Notion.
Sunny Savita: Okay, class 6700 on Notion.
Sunny Savita: nodes.
Sunny Savita: Fourth?
Sunny Savita: All links.
Sunny Savita: Got it? So, this is one of the links. Now, here is fine.
Sunny Savita: Just a second, guys. So, do we have this folder? It is not required, I can delete it.
Sunny Savita: So, emulating this folder. Now, what I'm doing, just a second, I'm providing you the updated notes as well.
Sunny Savita: So… Guys, again, this notes is from the both classes, 16 and 17, okay?
Sunny Savita: For both classes, you can refer.
Sunny Savita: And, guys, tell me, you are enjoying a learning along with me, right? You are learning something new, yes or no?
Sunny Savita: So, 16 and 17.
Sunny Savita: 16 and 17 May, okay?
Sunny Savita: So this is also saved, now I'm going to save it.
Sunny Savita: So, perfect, we have, both the nodes.
Sunny Savita: And, class… 16 and 17th.
Sunny Savita: Okay, perfect, guys. So, here is the updated code as well. I'm providing you this also.
Sunny Savita: Let me add all the changes, code updated.
Sunny Savita: Now, commit and the push, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, let me give you one assignment, guys, okay? So, are you ready for the assignment? Can I give you the assignment over here?
Sunny Savita: Great.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, guys, see,
Sunny Savita: Olama, for the Olama, what you can do, for the Ollama, you can download the Olama from here, and you can set up inside your system.
Sunny Savita: So, let me stop it, because I already have the TXE file, and it will take some time, okay? So, for the assignment-wise, what I'm giving you, see, you know about the OpenAI, right? You know about the Cloud.
Sunny Savita: You know about the… basically Grok.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: You know about the… Basically, open router.
Sunny Savita: Okay. You know about the hugging phase.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: And, you know about, basically, what?
Sunny Savita: Grok, Open Router, Hugging Face, and OpenAI Cloud, and what else I taught you? Tell me, Jimmy API, right?
Sunny Savita: So, OpenAI Cloud and Jimny Google.
Sunny Savita: So you know about all this particular platform, and you can access the model via this particular platform, right?
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, guys, see, we understood about text-to-text, okay?
Sunny Savita: And we understood about the… so many different, different,
Sunny Savita: What we understood, guys, we have understood about them.
Sunny Savita: So many different, different modality.
Sunny Savita: Multimodality, basically.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, let me mention it over here.
Sunny Savita: These are the different, different multi-modality. Input, text-to-text, text-to-image, image-to-text, image to image, okay? Text to audio, audio to text, audio to audio, text to video, video to text. Now, what do you have to do, guys? See?
Sunny Savita: You have to prepare.
Sunny Savita: a new notebook, Okay.
Sunny Savita: Where… use… or different?
Sunny Savita: Modern.
Sunny Savita: Related to… different modality.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Use the different model related to different modality. Different model means what?
Sunny Savita: Which I… which I have… which I haven't used, okay? Which I have not used.
Sunny Savita: which I… I have not used in the live class.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So you have to prepare a notebook where you have… where you use a different model, which I have not used in a live class, related to different, different modality, okay?
Sunny Savita: And then… Generate.
Sunny Savita: Output.
Sunny Savita: Right? Now, once you are succeed, Once you are succeed, in the… Once you got a success.
Sunny Savita: In the notebook.
Sunny Savita: create… Oh.
Sunny Savita: web app, okay? Create a web app.
Sunny Savita: which is… Taking.
Sunny Savita: input.
Sunny Savita: In every modality.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: We're just taking an input in every modality. Whatever modality you wanted to enable, you can. Okay, I'm giving you the option for the text.
Sunny Savita: for the image… Okay.
Sunny Savita: For the text, for the image…
Sunny Savita: for the image, for the video, for the audio, whatever, basically, modality we have for the audio, for the video, right? So, create a web app which is taking an input in every modality, and generate an output
Sunny Savita: output accordingly.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Generate output accordingly. So generator output accordingly means you are passing text, it can generate text or images, okay? Or it can generate the audio as well. If you are passing image, so it is going to be generated text out of that, right? So that web app basically should be a fruitful app.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point.
Sunny Savita: Okay? How to create a web app? You can create via cloud, via co-pilot, right? So let's say if I have, this is my co-pilot.
Sunny Savita: Can you see, guys, this is my co-pilot. I've shown you how to use a co-pilot, okay? So let's say, here, what I'm doing, I'm just going to be at this file, my IPvindb file, to this co-pilot. Now, here I'm going to be right.
Sunny Savita: Can you… convert.
Sunny Savita: this… code, into…
Sunny Savita: is streamlined web app, okay? React web app is streamlined web app, whatever, right? It's streamlined web app, okay?
Sunny Savita: Where I can pass.
Sunny Savita: input in any modality.
Sunny Savita: Like, text, images, audio.
Sunny Savita: And… I can generate.
Sunny Savita: output.
Sunny Savita: Accordingly.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Accordingly, like… X.
Sunny Savita: image.
Sunny Savita: or audio.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys? Yes or no? So, let's say if I've given this particular, instruction, and now here I'm writing, create a separate file.
Sunny Savita: Create a separate.
Sunny Savita: app?
Sunny Savita: dot PY file.
Sunny Savita: for that code, okay? If I'm giving this instruction, I'll see what I'm, generating over here.
Sunny Savita: what this co-pilot is being generating, just a second, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, this co-pilot is writing a code for me.
Sunny Savita: Will you be able to do it, guys? Yes or no? I think you should adapt some wipe coding now, because this co-pilot, cloud code, and all, this is being used very heavily now in the industry, okay?
Sunny Savita: Okay, so maybe I got one file, not a… app.py, it's a main.py.
Sunny Savita: It has created main.py, huh
Sunny Savita: Oh, creating a Streamlit app… because, see, I have a free version, let's see whether it will be able to generate or not, but I think it can do that.
Sunny Savita: I'm working with a free subscription, no?
Sunny Savita: Implemented the IRPY, okay, this is being done.
Sunny Savita: Yes, app.py will be having a stream-related code, okay?
Sunny Savita: It is only generating, I'm not doing anything. Let's see where I will get the tab.py.
Sunny Savita: It's a mehin.py or app.py.
Sunny Savita: Okay, I think it has written a code. Now, it is evaluating the entire code.
Sunny Savita: I think once it will be done, I will get a file.
Sunny Savita: I have a premium co-pilot, I can… yeah, you can… it is fine. If it is required, I'll let you know, okay? Otherwise, I have… also have… don't worry about that, right?
Sunny Savita: So, guys, I got the app.py file… I got the app.py, I can review that file, see? This is my complete file. Can you see?
Sunny Savita: This one.
Sunny Savita: So this is my complete file app.py file. See how beautifully it has written every line of code. I can simply click on keep.
Sunny Savita: And now this is fine, I can utilize it.
Sunny Savita: So, let's see whether I can run it or not.
Sunny Savita: Guys, can I execute this app?
Sunny Savita: In front of you only, I created that.
Sunny Savita: So here, I'm just going to be selecting my correct environment.
Sunny Savita: This is my environment. Okay, now here I can write.
Sunny Savita: UBPIP install stream lit. UBPIP install.
Sunny Savita: Guys, I created this assignment, huh?
Sunny Savita: You reversed all stream late.
Sunny Savita: See, nowadays… nowadays, coding is very, like, fun-loving, okay? Everyone can do the code and all.
Sunny Savita: So, that is not an issue.
Sunny Savita: You can also do it… you can also do the same thing. Okay, I'm just showing you the way, actually, how, basically, this could be done.
Sunny Savita: Now, what I'm doing, I'm just executing this application, so here I'm writing.
Sunny Savita: Class… 16, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, CD… sorry, CD Class 16. Okay, I will go inside this particular folder.
Sunny Savita: CDC class 16. Okay, I will go inside this particular folder.
Sunny Savita: And then I'll write over here, stream late run.
Sunny Savita: app.py, okay? So, see, my application is up and running.
Sunny Savita: So, what it is saying… stop target, I still don't have for the… what is the meaning of it, guys?
Sunny Savita: Let me check with the co-pilot itself, I'm getting this error.
Sunny Savita: This, okay, path is wrong, or whatso? Let me check with the path.
Sunny Savita: CD dot dot… Or I can directly give the full path of this file, just a second.
Sunny Savita: Copy path… okay, it… I think it… from the folder one, right? So now I can write stream lit.
Sunny Savita: Just a second, guys. Okay, I will take one more minute, just a second. Stream late, run.
Sunny Savita: And then this file.
Sunny Savita: I think it is running now…
Sunny Savita: It is loading… yeah, it is loading, guys. See, this is the…
Sunny Savita: basically, application I created in front of you. So here, if I'm giving any prompt, let's say, what is a short summary of the length chain? Now, desired output is, let's say… what I can say.
Sunny Savita: Audio. Okay.
Sunny Savita: So here, if I'm going to be generated,
Sunny Savita: It is saying fail to initialize model, missing credential. Yeah, so I will have to set the credential now, okay? So, let's say if I'm going to be asked the text, let's say, generate a text. Okay, guys, I will have to set the…
Sunny Savita: I will have to set this API key first. Now, see, OpenAI is there, Anthropic is there, I can provide so many providers.
Sunny Savita: So guys, will you work? Will you create this app in a better way now? Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Yes? Okay.
Sunny Savita: So I just given you the way how to do that, now you can create it. React, Streamlit, HTML, whatever you are going to be used, it's up to you. But do it, guys. Okay? Temperature is nothing, I will explain you this temperature. It's a very interesting thing. As of now, just leave it, I will explain you that, right?
Sunny Savita: Okay, so, fine guys, I hope assignment is clear. Is it clear or not? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: Host karna, I can now, don't host it, just run it inside a local, that's it.
Sunny Savita: Okay. So, yeah, I hope everything is clear, everything is fine. I can give you this entire code and all, so that you can run it.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, so if it is clear, can we close the session now? Tell me yes or no. I provided you every sort of a thing.
Sunny Savita: Where to set the API key. So, Vic, then what will be the meaning of the assignment? Explore that now. Why you wanted to ask everything, huh?
Sunny Savita: Let's say you have to do this task inside a project. How you will do that?
Sunny Savita: No, no, no, no, you ask this kind of thing, I have noticed.
Sunny Savita: Now, don't deny with that thing, huh?
Sunny Savita: Okay, please explore, Sobeg, okay? Please explore.
Sunny Savita: Fine guys, now let's, complete the class. If you have any sort of a doubt, you can ask me in a doubt session. So I'm putting a timer for the 5 minute, and I'll see you in the next class where I'll discuss about the OLAMA, fine-tuning, and the other stuff, okay? So, putting a timer, then we'll start. Thank you.
Sunny Savita: So, after 4 minutes, guys, I will start the doubt session. Thank you very much.
Sunny Savita: Oh, just a sec.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, bye guys, take care. Good night.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, let's start with the doubt session. If you have any sort of a doubt, please raise the hand. I'll be taking the doubt, okay?
Sunny Savita: Give me a moment, guys, okay?
Sunny Savita: That's sweet.
Sunny Savita: Guys, give me… give me one minute, okay? Oh, I'm coming. I got a call.
Sunny Savita: Okay, let's start now. Yeah, VK, Krishna, guys, please go ahead, what's your doubt?
Sunny Savita: You can unmute yourself, and you can ask your doubt, okay?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Bhagman does, same…
bhagwandas armani: Yeah, hi.
bhagwandas armani: So, thanks for that today's class, okay? So I want you to understand a couple of things, okay? Let us say I have a document, I want to create a prompt on top of that, okay? Like, let us say I have a story. I want to ask some questions. So, how do we do that?
bhagwandas armani: And there is also something different, there's also something called conversational, modeling and, the personal service. How do we do that?
bhagwandas armani: Okay, tools.
Sunny Savita: For questions and survey, sorry.
bhagwandas armani: question-answer-based language modeling, so do we have to use separate LLMs, or is it the same? And if we want to do it, how do we do that?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, yeah, in the same way, actually, in the question-answer also.
Sunny Savita: So, what you wanted to generate via answer. So, you wanted to generate the audio and the… or the plain text, what kind of output you are willing for… willing to generate in the question-answer application?
bhagwandas armani: Yeah, let us say, if I'm reading, let us say, biography of something, like I say, Gandhi and Nehru conversation, so I wanted to see what Nehru said at this stage. I kind of want to generate some kind of question-answeries.
bhagwandas armani: Okay, how was the conversation happened with Gandhi and, Sarah Vari Vaikate? I'm giving you so that you know the story with me, at least.
bhagwandas armani: So, how do we do that, Mindana?
Sunny Savita: Sorry, I'm not getting head and tail off that. Can you be a bit more clear, actually?
bhagwandas armani: See, let us say there is a story, let us say there is a story, maybe a simple story, let us say, two people, we were discussing something about a, you know, holiday with Iran bar, okay?
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
bhagwandas armani: I want to… there is a text already given, okay? I wanted to… I want to prompt, saying that what has Savita said, what are his views, okay, in terms of Iran work.
bhagwandas armani: I want to prompt that, so how do we do in that case?
Sunny Savita: In a same way, using this model only, you can use now.
bhagwandas armani: how can I give the views of a specific person? Like, because there is already context is there, like, you and me a conversation on the Iran work.
bhagwandas armani: Okay, well…
Sunny Savita: So, see, if you want to give that, now, for that, you will have to build the entire storyline, right? You will have to be sustain the memory, you will have to be, like, what you will have to do. I was saying, no, Langchain, right? Memory management, estate management, everything you will have to do inside that application.
bhagwandas armani: Okay.
Sunny Savita: For every user, you will have to provide every user a specific ID. So, related to that user ID, there would be one specific session, and with respect to one session, that entire conversation will be being saved, right? So, in that way, the model will understand. So, in backend, actually, there will be lots of engineering, estate management, memory management, or memory management and all. There would be so many things over there. Got it?
bhagwandas armani: Okay, okay. So, is it what we people generally call is context engineering?
Sunny Savita: I'm gonna…
bhagwandas armani: Something different.
Sunny Savita: No, context engineering is different. Context engineering, basically.
Sunny Savita: how well you are going to be designed, the length of the context, how well, basically, you are compressing the context, right? So that you can save your tokens, you can save your limits, you can save your money.
bhagwandas armani: Okay. Right.
Sunny Savita: So that's a context engineering, actually.
bhagwandas armani: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Yo?
bhagwandas armani: Do you have any reference in terms of the first one? How do we maintain the conversation, and the state of the conversation, and the context engine do you have?
Sunny Savita: Correct, correct.
bhagwandas armani: Do you have any differences, or…
Sunny Savita: So, that… see, that will learn over here itself, inside these classes, but if you are willing to learn, you can check out with my YouTube channel, so many projects, related to the RAG agents and all. I've completely covered over there, okay? You will be learning. There is one playlist on the line graph, state management, memory management, everything is there, right? So you can check out over here.
bhagwandas armani: Okay, so on the Landraf itself only, we'll maintain the state management.
Sunny Savita: In the length graph, and even here also we can do inside the lenshin itself. It's just, like, matter of writing some line of code, that's it, okay?
bhagwandas armani: Okay, okay.
bhagwandas armani: Getting down. And for the… all these ones, same models will be used, right? Whatever we used, or some kind of models.
Sunny Savita: Any… see, raw model also you can use. As of now, I've shown you everything on a very ground level, but nowadays we have some inbuilt system also. You can directly utilize that, okay?
bhagwandas armani: Okay, not you.
bhagwandas armani: Thanks.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Think.
Sunny Savita: Now VK, do you have any doubt?
Sunny Savita: Kumar, Yash, Aslam, Kalyn, So, Smith, Venka Traju… Melvin…
Aslam Husain: That's any discussion of you.
Yash Shukla: Hello?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Yash, please go ahead.
Yash Shukla: Sir, a few classes ago, you asked us to text about, you know, mesh API classes and LLM APIs.
Yash Shukla: So, I forgot to tell you, while testing and integrating the SDK of Mesh API and using models, there were no free models, you know, in the documentation of their website. It was written that there were a few free models have labeled, but when I got
Yash Shukla: deeper, search, then there was no free modules available, and I think there was some issue, because while I was, importing the module in the requirements.txt file.
Yash Shukla: the Mesh API, module. So, it was saying, it does not exist, you know, it says that the, their database do not exist, we have to use the Mesh API with the help of OpenAI only. So, ultimately, there was no users of the Mesh API thing.
Sunny Savita: So, Mash APIYC, we have provided you one coupon code, right?
Yash Shukla: Yes, yes.
Sunny Savita: Have you used that coupon code for taking the subscription off there? Subscription?
Yash Shukla: Yes.
Sunny Savita: So once you will take a subscription, I think you can access the different model from there, right? Which you cannot access in a free version.
Yash Shukla: No, no, sir, I got the subscription even after applying the coupon code, it, got for Rs. 2-3 only, it was very less because. And, after applying the code, when I, generated the token, after the token generation, only, the models were not available, free models. There were no free models available. All of them have, become paid.
Yash Shukla: So that… you also want the feedback, so that is only why I'm telling you.
Sunny Savita: So, do one thing, the newer
Sunny Savita: this entire feedback over the mail, so that I can share with the team, because the Mesh API, right? So, those guys come to us to
Sunny Savita: like, do some, advertisement and, to provide some free credential to our user and to provide some discount and all, right? So, whatever feedback you have related to that, just provide, so that we can directly pass to them. Got it?
Yash Shukla: Okay, okay, sir. Sure.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Yash Shukla: Yeah, thank you so much.
Sunny Savita: Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Is done. Now, Aslam, please go ahead.
Aslam Husain: Yeah, I have… thanks for this clear class, it was very good, sir, thank you. I have some basic questions about GitHub-related stuff, because now things are… too much coding has started happening.
Sunny Savita: Mr.
Aslam Husain: I'll show you something that… am I missing something here, or I'm doing something stupid here. Can I share my screen?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you can share the screen.
Aslam Husain: How to share it.
Sunny Savita: You can join as a panelist, okay?
Aslam Husain: You see my screen?
Aslam Husain: Hello?
Sunny Savita: Just a second, sir, Justin.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, show me now, just a second. Yes, okay, please share now. Click on the share option, click on the share button and share.
Sunny Savita: There is one share button, right?
Aslam Husain: Consumer?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, I can see.
Aslam Husain: Okay, so what I've done here, I… I took your code and forked and created this in my GitHub account.
Aslam Husain: And then I pulled this one into the, this, VS Code.
Aslam Husain: And remember that you'll change very frequently the code we're doing the class, yes, so when you do the fork, sync and all.
Aslam Husain: And what if I have anything here, then I start getting an error, because it has a merge conflict and all, right?
Aslam Husain: Here, some path, right? Your directory path is not same as my directory path.
Aslam Husain: So I have to go and change the directory path for this, like, support, doc.png, doc.png, and all. So I'm…
Aslam Husain: I tried multiple ways, I didn't know how to do that, then I started getting a copy of this, your code, and.
Sunny Savita: No, no, see, sir. See, first of all, I would suggest you, don't create any such file inside this folder and all, right? You have cloned my code, correct?
Sunny Savita: Yes or no. Now, inside the same code, you are creating your own file as well. This is not a good practice, sir. Okay.
Aslam Husain: fork it. I didn't create a clone.
Sunny Savita: Wait, let me complete, let me complete, right? So, do one thing. You have cloned my repository, okay? Fetch all the code and all over there, that is fine, keep it in a separate folder, okay? And whatever code and all you are doing, just do it inside the different folder.
Sunny Savita: Getting more points.
Aslam Husain: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Don't mess up everything inside a single folder, it will be very difficult for you to manage everything then.
Aslam Husain: Okay, so create a new folder here under this one.
Sunny Savita: Create a new folder, clone this code, keep it separate over there, pull, take a poll and all everything there. But if you are writing anything, if you are doing coding, if you are doing any practice and all, do it inside a separate folder. Got it?
Aslam Husain: Okay, okay, excellent. I think… I think I tried this one also, so maybe, like, here, selfie, I put it here, like, this one. That would be totally separate, then let me put it.
Sunny Savita: You can do like that, but yeah, don't do anything inside this one, because again, there will be, like, some conflict, some messed up, some environment-related issues, some pull-related, push-related issues, so many things, okay? Don't do that.
Aslam Husain: Okay, thank you, thanks a lot.
Sunny Savita: sync.
Sunny Savita: Your next opening…
SUSMIT BANERJEE: And then go ahead.
KALYAN MURMU: Yep.
Sunny Savita: Kalian, you can go ahead.
KALYAN MURMU: Okay.
KALYAN MURMU: So, I have some API-related issue. Can I share my screen?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you can share the screen.
Sunny Savita: Yo, please share the screen.
KALYAN MURMU: Okay, hope you're able to see my screen now.
KALYAN MURMU: So…
Sunny Savita: Yeah, I can see.
KALYAN MURMU: So, here…
KALYAN MURMU: In the Google API, I have taken it from here, okay? So I have created a new API as well.
KALYAN MURMU: And, I'm putting it into my code, basically your code, which I have taken from you.
KALYAN MURMU: And while I'm invoking this, I'm getting this error, that the API is… not valid.
Sunny Savita: Here is the API key, show me that.
KALYAN MURMU: Over here.
Sunny Savita: Google API key. Remove this API key.
Sunny Savita: write Jiminy API key in the Google.
Sunny Savita: Open your Google, open your Google.
Sunny Savita: Open the new browser.
KALYAN MURMU: Oh…
Sunny Savita: or open my, GitHub, there I provide you the link and all everything, right?
Sunny Savita: Open my GitHub.
KALYAN MURMU: So, how to toggle it? Okay, yeah.
Sunny Savita: Mira GitHub, sir, Vara Mira GitHub, holistic data science.
Sunny Savita: Open this file. Notion Notes.
Sunny Savita: Notion, notes, notion.
Sunny Savita: Oh.
Sunny Savita: Notion, notion, notion.
Sunny Savita: Load it.
Sunny Savita: You didn't sign up?
KALYAN MURMU: I'm gonna stand up.
Sunny Savita: Not this one, sir.
Sunny Savita: Notion 1.
Sunny Savita: Scroll down.
Sunny Savita: See, Jimmy API key.
Sunny Savita: Copy this link and paste it on your Google.
Sunny Savita: Or download in your local, this folder, this file, download option, no? Or download it.
Sunny Savita: Open this file.
Sunny Savita: Open this PDF, yeah.
Sunny Savita: Open it, double-click, open.
Sunny Savita: Scroll down.
Sunny Savita: Click on that link.
Sunny Savita: See, both are different place, right? You are generating key from somewhere else. This is a different one. Now, create a Gemini key.
Sunny Savita: Create an API key, right-hand side is our option.
Sunny Savita: Right upper right-hand side, upper right-hand side, sir, upper right-hand side, huh?
Sunny Savita: Now here, create a key.
Sunny Savita: Copy this key.
Sunny Savita: API key, first one, first one.
Sunny Savita: Whoa.
Sunny Savita: Paste it there, inside your file.
Sunny Savita: Restart the kernel.
Sunny Savita: Restart the kernel, yeah, again.
Sunny Savita: Run that cell, set the environment key as an environment variable.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now it will be working. You can check, it will be working, okay.
KALYAN MURMU: Okay, and one more error which I was getting is related to OpenAI key over here. So here, I haven't used it much, so I… maybe I have called it only for once, this one. So yesterday it was running, but today I'm getting.
Sunny Savita: Generate a new key, sir, though they are okay. Then check out with that, because…
Sunny Savita: Opena1, okay, open… I think credential, your credits is gone there. Just check out the credits, okay?
KALYAN MURMU: Okay, so if I'm getting this error, then you have exceeded your quota, but I have hardly used it, so is it because my… Just check out with.
Sunny Savita: platforms or no? Do we have credit or not? Why you are saying like that? Just check out there, okay?
Sunny Savita: write the OpenAI API, and check your billing and all everything there.
Sunny Savita: Login with the correct, mail, okay?
KALYAN MURMU: Okay, fine.
Sunny Savita: No.
KALYAN MURMU: Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Thank you, sir. Yeah, so Smith… sorry, so Smith, please go ahead.
SUSMIT BANERJEE: Yeah, thank you, sir. Sir, I had this doubt. Basically, I wanted to understand, like, we…
SUSMIT BANERJEE: like, Langchain and Langraph, these are, like, integrated frameworks, right? Here, we can use all the different APIs from
SUSMIT BANERJEE: OpenAI, Anthropic, Gemini, whatever.
SUSMIT BANERJEE: Likewise, there are other frameworks also.
SUSMIT BANERJEE: Google ADK, AutoGen, Creve AI, like this.
SUSMIT BANERJEE: So, in the… in the industry-wise, like, which one is more used? Like, is… Are there different,
Sunny Savita: In… in… in industry, we use… see, in industry, we use Langchen-Langraaff.
Sunny Savita: Most of the time.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: So, 99% time, you will see we are going to be using Langgraph, and all.
SUSMIT BANERJEE: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Beautiful.
SUSMIT BANERJEE: And interview-wise also, I think we should then focus more on Langchain and Graph… Langsmith, like this.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, in interview also, you can say, I know the line graph. If you have a requirement in Google ADK or any other framework, I can work with that also, okay? Every framework, the main aim of the framework, okay, the main goal for the framework is same, just to create agent, take flow agents and all. So if you know any one framework, you can work with the other framework also, right?
SUSMIT BANERJEE: Okay, understood. So the basis of this course, we will be going in the… going forward using Langchain, Langgraph.
SUSMIT BANERJEE: Langfuse, Langsmith. On basis of that only, we will be doing everything, if I understand correctly.
Sunny Savita: Got it.
SUSMIT BANERJEE: Okay, understood. Thank you, sir.
Sunny Savita: Thank you, yeah.
Sunny Savita: Okay, Krishna, what's your doubt?
Sunny Savita: Venkatara Raju.
Sunny Savita: Any doubt?
Venkata Raju: Yes, sir, thank you for your glance. Today you… yesterday, I asked it out, and you cleared it today, about the system and human resources.
Venkata Raju: That was clear. I have a doubt that this is the beginning of the code generator AI, right? The practical session, whatever we are doing, access to models, all before what we did, SOTA, NLP methods,
Venkata Raju: All those, I mean, vote to wake we did, those are all just for the interview purpose, right? But, I just want to ask, confirm that one.
Sunny Savita: Yes, yes, correct, sir.
Venkata Raju: Okay, so, okay, so this is the beginning for Core Generator AI, this… the session what we are doing.
Sunny Savita: Correct, correct, correct. These are for the core generative AI, right.
Venkata Raju: Yeah, okay, so that's it, my daughter, I just want to confirm.
Sunny Savita: Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Melvin, what's your doubt?
Melwin: Yeah, Sunny, if you don't mind, can I share my screen?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, you can show.
Sunny Savita: Krishna, do you have any doubt?
Sunny Savita: Yo.
Sunny Savita: Well, you can share this.
Melwin: Clean, visible.
Sunny Savita: No, it is not visible. Please share it now.
Melwin: Okay, I got that.
Melwin: Yes, and you know, I am just developing a project, okay?
Melwin: The personal project.
Melwin: This is what I done, the springboard as a backend.
Melwin: Okay, all these are working fine, but here, right, courses, you know, if I need to add some PDF, now automatically it has to generate some courses. Just, I need, you know, some help on some reference, so that I will come up with the architecture, and I will try to, you know, complete this. Also, assignments, right?
Melwin: whatever the questions, you know, is given, all the assignments, right, whoever the students, it's… I just developed this for my kids, okay, to monitor them.
Melwin: So…
Melwin: I just want to, you know, integrate this with an agent decay architecture so that, you know, every time, you know, we don't need to go and monitor. So, if there is any application or architecture available.
Melwin: So that I can integrate.
Melwin: Here, you know, in this application, that would be very helpful for me.
Sunny Savita: So, you are saying you wanted to develop the agentic architecture, right?
Melwin: Yes.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so, what you can do, see, this looks good, and, this is a very good initiative you are developing for your kids, right? So, what you can do, you can send me that architecture, whatever you… on whatever basis you created this project, right? So, on behalf of that, I can suggest to you how you can integrate the agentic flow over there. Got it?
Melwin: I got it, this is Angular, and this is, you know, backend is complete Springboard, and this is the SQL.
Melwin: So these are the technology stack, you know, currently I'm focusing on. I, you know, my plan is, like, you know, I have to complete this, but at least this…
Sunny Savita: I'm not asking about the Angular in the frame, I'm asking about the core AI architecture, like, on which basis you created that. Is it a RAG platform, it is just a simple inferencing system, or are you maintaining any database also via RAG? So, that I'm asking, so that I can suggest you the better agentic flow over there, okay?
Melwin: Sure, Sunny, I will mail you all the details.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Melwin: Give me a couple of days, give me…
Sunny Savita: True.
Melwin: Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Thank you, sir. Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Okay, manual is done. Now… Next doubt is… Amit, do you have any doubt?
Amit Gupta: Dastening, Amidi said.
Amit Gupta: So, actually… My doubt is, basically, so, as we use multiple models and multiple frameworks.
Sunny Savita: for…
Amit Gupta: the API, right? So some way, we are using system prompts and human prompts, right?
Sunny Savita: moved.
Amit Gupta: So, those, basically, the model is, means trained for particular domain. So, why the system frame is required? The system prompt is required, basically.
Amit Gupta: And if it is required, then what it can be due on the basis of system prompt.
Amit Gupta: Because it is specialized for a particular domain, right?
Sunny Savita: Which domains, sir? Those are the general purpose model.
Sunny Savita: It can work with every domain.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: I can give you the example, just a second.
Sunny Savita: See, this is my ChatGPT. Can you see the chat GPT?
Amit Gupta: Right, right.
Sunny Savita: So, let's say if I'm giving some instruction to the chat GP.
Sunny Savita: So, here, what I'm writing… I'm writing, one prompt to that.
Sunny Savita: whatever, I will… As to you.
Sunny Savita: Please answer.
Sunny Savita: In?
Sunny Savita: English… Language.
Sunny Savita: Only, okay?
Sunny Savita: Right? Let's say meowsko boltao.
Sunny Savita: Hi.
Sunny Savita: gets the whole… Kya Kar Rahiho. Take care.
Sunny Savita: So they go. Yeah, it's Namirko.
Sunny Savita: Kesa replied, yeah?
Sunny Savita: English ma' reply, yeah. Right? Let's say mein kuchibi isko Chinese language nyo Boltao.
Sunny Savita: make Chinese language ka, like, sentence utali tao. Up next? Sorry, French kao tallito, no?
Sunny Savita: The app dot… Okay.
Amit Gupta: ki…
Sunny Savita: context ko panda, uske a quadding me, answer karna.
Sunny Savita: Take ha? That's it. Toh system message kuch nahi ha model ka behavior decide karne kili hotay. Teka.
Sunny Savita: Toh wahi system message kar rah, de ko me aseh puchungana.
Sunny Savita: You know about the system message?
Sunny Savita: System message class.
Sunny Savita: Why it is required.
Sunny Savita: When we are Reading our model.
Sunny Savita: via API.
Sunny Savita: And… Providing.
Sunny Savita: Prompt.
Sunny Savita: to the model.
Sunny Savita: why I need to write System message.
Sunny Savita: Along with… human message.
Sunny Savita: that option.
Sunny Savita: I have seen… in multiple.
Sunny Savita: Playground also.
Sunny Savita: Can you clarify that?
Sunny Savita: Take care. I'm asking to the chat GP only, right? They are proportion, you know?
Amit Gupta: Right.
Sunny Savita: Let's see what it is going to be generated soon.
Amit Gupta: Actually, every day much hai, my cursor use keto, basically, programming.
Sunny Savita: option aata, actually, mein.
Sunny Savita: I have worked a lot with a cursor. Just, connect with me, okay? I'll let you know. Later on, maybe some… just drop me a mail, okay? You can connect with me.
Sunny Savita: So…
Amit Gupta: In that case, aapke courting ke akimi je, who says contacts system message ke courting dena chaye, your direct
Amit Gupta: my language case.
Sunny Savita: Okay, go, API-wise a system message ke through context set karsak, ya, with kyabol rah, I'll clarify the API. System message, instruction to the model about how it should behave.
Sunny Savita: Human message means actual user quotient task. So, using this particular variable, you can define that. You can provide the instruction, you can define the behavior of the model. Toho essa sa karne, rabus ko kuchwi bold terrah.
Amit Gupta: Hey.
Sunny Savita: Simple sa… simple sa… it's just a behavior or rules, that's it.
Amit Gupta: Okay. So, suppose you are kind of a solution architect, and related to that, I can ask the questions.
Sunny Savita: Correct.
Amit Gupta: Set the context. One more thing. Okay, suppose main model to train kartia for company purpose, right? But after some time, ki bojo training kiata, usaya hum mein untrained karna aapse.
Amit Gupta: Uskilahi bhi ko chota hai, je sa training karte hain, fine-tune karte hain particular model book, is itera jo already mein hat ana ho.
Sunny Savita: Untrain mutlab a checkpoint update kar dije, no? Brah.
Amit Gupta: Untrained in the sense, supports mere company equity. Specific usko trained kartia.
Amit Gupta: taya.
Amit Gupta: But after some time, Mera Contract was particular, this model code.
Sunny Savita: Delete kartisan au model, sir. Deke boto ak just binary file, delete kartigios ko, archive karthijios mein kaya.
Sunny Savita: Let's say you have fine-tuned the model. Now, you want.
Amit Gupta: Oops.
Sunny Savita: Who, you wanted to remove that fine-tuning effect from the model.
Sunny Savita: You are saying it's unfine-tuned, right? So let's…
Amit Gupta: 9%.
Sunny Savita: model mein. Theek hai?
Amit Gupta: Directed?
Sunny Savita: low rake saath mein.
Sunny Savita: Usko delete kart jih, original model SA rahiga. Toh boto just take binary file, save tensor file ready, PyTorch file rati hai, baki GGCP, right? GGML file ready. Delete kar do aapusko.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Amit Gupta: Okay. Us po English ya different language aki. Aurusko may trained karna hai sign language ke liye.
Amit Gupta: Sign language, like.
Sunny Savita: train kar sakte model.
Amit Gupta: Okay.
Sunny Savita: YouTube medalayo, okay?
Amit Gupta: Okay, so thank you.
Sunny Savita: Link.
Amit Gupta: Sweet.
Sunny Savita: Okay, next doubt is, any more person having doubt?
Sunny Savita: Ruchi, do you have any doubt?
Sunny Savita: Okay, Tej, do you have any doubt?
Ruchi S: Yeah. Yeah.
Tej: So, I'm trying to follow by running this, Last notes, right?
Tej: the Jupyter file, right? So, Sunny, Usme, obviously a GPT-5 nano example, like, you're explaining the whole thing, right?
Tej: So, I think I'm running out of that tokens thing.
Tej: Error, right? ORI. So, how do we continue that test? Like, should we use, like, open source? Can I share my screen?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, you can.
Tej: Not a… I'm not able to follow along. And then, you know, I'm stuck there.
Tej: Late.
Sunny Savita: What is the error?
Tej: It's a… you exceeded your current quota, please check your plan and billing.
Tej: So, I was trying to run this.
Sunny Savita: No, show me the code. It is not a correct screen, I think. Show me the correct screen.
Tej: What screen are seeing?
Sunny Savita: Share the complete screen, you are just sharing your notepad.
Tej: Okay, my bad.
Tej: Oh, hold on, I'm bringing it here.
Tej: You better now?
Tej: Yeah, this is the error.
Sunny Savita: You exceed your current quota, no? You need to add the credential over there.
Tej: Add credentials for.
Sunny Savita: sorry, add the money inside your OpenAI API, okay?
Sunny Savita: In your OpenAI account, add the money over inside their account, okay?
Tej: So, how much should we add? You said there's some.
Sunny Savita: Add $5 to $10 for the practice purpose, add $10 there, okay?
Sunny Savita: I always keep that to $15, yeah, inside my OpenAI account. Just add $10 of credit, that is fine.
Tej: Okay, so that is… so you… I'm a little… okay, I'll add there, but also the question is, you know, we are adding so many, so many, things, right? There's open… OpenAA router, so…
Tej: So here, here you're saying add money for OpenAI platform?
Sunny Savita: Yes, yes, yes.
Tej: We'll go to billing.
Sunny Savita: within the option, go to the billing, add payment, huh?
Tej: Okay. So abhi merko thora… Like, we open router here, right?
Tej: you'll also be using this for the rest?
Sunny Savita: free or paid, na? Aap ja se aaph acha project kar hai, aapkocha response share, ha? A open router ke free model aapkocha response nih dirai, aap hai complex agent pattern bananadiya.
Sunny Savita: GPT ka model use karna.
Sunny Savita: That's tough.
Tej: Take care.
Sunny Savita: malap just aapko.
Tej: klah.
Sunny Savita: aap practice aapko interrupt
Sunny Savita: free value model use karloh asan.
Sunny Savita: Funno.
Tej: aki.
Sunny Savita: let's say agarapne, koi complex project banaya, jahapi context length bhda hogi, aap free model ko samajne mehikka thorai. Toh ush case mein hum ko paid model, use kar lienache.
Tej: I mean, use case case aapse ham, use karing. But, meherkona…
Tej: I don't want to miss the classes, so I want to follow whatever you are using, so that at least I can do it while you're doing the class. So, for example, right? If I have to use the open API model here, tohi either me airline change kar do kya, that do I need to change the code here?
Tej: To use that.
Sunny Savita: some credits inside your OpenAI account, and you can use the OpenAI.
Tej: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So just keep some $10 to $15 in your OpenA account, just for the practice purpose, okay?
Tej: Okay. If you don't want to go for paid, use any open source. Toh, merco either code change karnae, model.
Sunny Savita: Correct, correct, correct.
Tej: To fair, ESF is… everything else will remain the same.
Sunny Savita: Same reg. Apteko mira code padok semi reg, no, aap padho isko pura iswali fain kojati, aapko sap samadh jag, okay?
Tej: either FIRSA voltage at Anthropic, to either fit or use Karina.
Sunny Savita: Provider k accordinga.
Sunny Savita: Okay? We just say anthropic ka. Okay?
Tej: Okay. So, but what you're saying is, all your examples, I can still run it with some, free open source?
Sunny Savita: Correct, correct, right.
Tej: So which one would that be? Like, Grok?
Sunny Savita: Practice with all the one, I've given you the multiple option, okay? Just practice with all the different provider.
Tej: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Poor.
Tej: And Sunny, Meku, you already explained the difference between Open Router and Langchain.
Tej: Right? Though LineChain does not have any models, but it is just a wrapper to app.
Tej: Like, one place to access all the models.
Sunny Savita: Right.
Tej: The open router…
Tej: is also doing the same, but it also actually has the models. It is getting the models from somewhere else, right?
Sunny Savita: But nonethe server host key awareness models.
Tej: Acha, so they're hosting that model, just like abi aapne mehan ko.
Sunny Savita: apne server pedal dia, asa.
Tej: So, how is it different from…
Tej: let's say abusneh, Gemini ka, samjyosne open AI ka model usne, download karke.
Sunny Savita: So, no, no, That's it. Okay.
Tej: Basically, input, output, same model there, right? Whether it is the same LLM, would there be a.
Sunny Savita: original model use karo, let's say, 5.4, 5.1.
Sunny Savita: Abih open AI kahi, matla poi jo no ha free open source ka rakaya baki ki community ke liye, agar us model ko huda ke apne server host karke boleh ye use karuto sa output mein difference woah gana.
Sunny Savita: JoJo etropic open AI, community kili open source QE, that's it.
Tej: Gotcha. All the free models, Susne darlagadi.
Sunny Savita: perspective sa sam joindsapji jo kh.
Tej: That's what it is. Right.
Tej: So, yeah. Thank you, Sandy. That's all the questions I have.
Sunny Savita: Yep.
Ruchi S: Well, hi, Sunny.
Sunny Savita: You're hired a chief, yeah.
Ruchi S: Sunny Meirana, actually, GitHub published karate, but then from, like, past 30 minutes, it's been stuck because secrets were out, but when I subpoch delete karke, hard rebase bhart via sabkush karvia, reset kart ya.
Ruchi S: But still, it's not, working. Like, I don't know why isn't it possible.
Sunny Savita: Just do one thing, just create a new repo and keep it over there, that's it, okay? Because that commit, rebasing, it takes a lot of time, it's a very tedious thing, right? So just create a new repo and keep everything over there. Got it?
Ruchi S: But pore code me auch binaya, but why isn't… but still, it's saying that secret is out.
Sunny Savita: Actually, in some commit, you have did it in any commit, okay? Now you're not able to recall, or maybe you are pushing the .env file. Just show me that, what you are pushing.
Ruchi S: Okay, whoop presenter access, okay.
Ruchi S: Is my screen visible?
Sunny Savita: No, it is not.
Ruchi S: Is it now?
Sunny Savita: Yo.
Ruchi S: Okay, to give file here, it's just having codes.
Ruchi S: To… Like, especially with grokile barbell, right?
Sunny Savita: That's why.
Ruchi S: But it's just… wo print kiata, but wo print statement to me kapka hatah, dia, whene actually diabhi nahi that.
Sunny Savita: I actually may calm karo, nahya getap banak mape push kar ru aapte. O save karlo is file ko pele. File mein jake, autosave para push ko te, dabi koi bhi changes karuto, autosave hoja hai mo.
Sunny Savita: umpar file.
Ruchi S: Oh.
Sunny Savita: save karlo, auto save paraph profile ko.
Sunny Savita: I know.
Ruchi S: Okay.
Sunny Savita: to us cases.
Ruchi S: this whole time.
Sunny Savita: Right? Okay?
Ruchi S: Okay, may I track it too.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, sure.
Sunny Savita: Okay, any more person having doubt?
Dwipal: Hi, Senator.
Sunny Savita: Yadhupal, go ahead, please.
Dwipal: I have interview in Deloitte for a lead gen AI, engineer.
Dwipal: So, can you suggest, what are the topic I can focus on?
Sunny Savita: Okay. So, what.
Dwipal: It is boarding ground, actually.
Sunny Savita: See, I will share some interview questions with you, you can follow that, okay? It will help you. I'm putting in the chat itself, you can download for me about it.
Dwipal: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Just a second, I'm going north.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so these are the interview questions from the different companies I given in the chat, just download it and, prepare these interview questions, okay?
Dwipal: I haven't received it.
Sunny Savita: In the chat I shared.
Dwipal: Hmm.
Dwipal: Sorry, I'm not able to… I can see your last message is the Olama download link.
Sunny Savita: I shared in the chat, people are saying that we can see, we can see.
Sunny Savita: which chat you are opening? Don't you open the QA chat? You open the chat only.
Dwipal: Yeah, I'm in the chat only, not in QA.
Sunny Savita: Can you write hi in the message?
Sunny Savita: In the chat once.
Dwipal: Yeah, soon.
Sunny Savita: Wait, I'm removing the access from you now. Let's see. Let's see whether you will get it or not, okay?
Sunny Savita: Again, I sent. Now, can you check?
Dwipal: Can I share my mail ID address?
Sunny Savita: Okay, you can share the main light, I'll share the info.
Dwipal: Okay, thank you.
Dwipal: Yeah, shared them already.
Sunny Savita: Your next doubt, any more person having any doubt? Otherwise, I'll close the session.
amoljamkar: Hello, am I audible?
Sunny Savita: Yo, please go ahead.
amoljamkar: Yeah, I had one question. So, in the, in the system plus the human message, so, so, like, is it, like, can we suppose, if we not mention anything in the system message and mention that thing in the user message, that will give the same output, right?
Sunny Savita: Yes.
amoljamkar: Okay. And the, other question I had is that, like, when we are kind of,
amoljamkar: kind of pulling your repository, and suppose if we want to try it out, then, like, as you mentioned, we… we cannot do it in the same folder, right? Because it will have that conflicts, commit, the merge conflicts, and those things. So how… so how do you suggest we should, I mean, practice, I mean, like, should we…
Sunny Savita: You can create your new folder, new folder, okay? There you can practice your code and all, okay?
amoljamkar: Okay, whichever file you are currently, like, running, we can just place a copy in the separate folder and try it out over the image.
Sunny Savita: Correct, correct, correct.
amoljamkar: Okay, and we can run it in the same environment while we are… okay.
Sunny Savita: Yup.
amoljamkar: Okay, Primo, thanks.
sunil: Hey, I'm Sunil. Sunil here.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Salute.
sunil: Yeah, actually, I need some panel for, interview call, maybe, my regional preparation.
sunil: Or maybe one more help, if you can…
sunil: Actually, I'm a product manager, around, 12… more than 12 years of experience.
sunil: And, even I have applied many companies, I'm not getting any, even any single call.
sunil: Very common message, like, they have… they have selected someone else.
sunil: One thing, if… In your circle, if you have any AI product managers.
sunil: Maybe I would like to connect with them, or want to just understand, like, what.
sunil: See, the same thing.
Sunny Savita: You can ask even in the group chat also. There would be, like, the person who can help you, correct?
sunil: I'll put a specific.
Sunny Savita: role. Or you can circulate the message, you can directly drop me a mail. I can help you with your specific profile and all, got it.
sunil: So, so then I can share my resume with you, or you can also review it,
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, yeah, definitely you can.
sunil: Thank you very much.
Sunny Savita: Yep.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, I think I clarified all the doubts. Now…
Sunny Savita: If you don't have any doubt, guys, you can lower the hand.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Lakshmi, do you have any doubt?
Lakshmi: Hello, Sandi, am I audible?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, what's your doubt?
Lakshmi: Yeah, Sunny, thank you so much for all your sessions. It's, really helpful and more informative. Thank you so much for that.
Lakshmi: I have a few questions. These are from last class, very few questions.
Lakshmi: And so you, you give me one assignment, right? The, the transformer from the scratch.
Lakshmi: Where we will further trans- transform, for me, German to English, right?
Lakshmi: So, there, we have, built two models, like, the DE underscore core news, and, the other one, regarding to English, the English underscore. These models are, like, we build… we load the model, and we build, from the scratch, right?
Sunny Savita: You have to build it from scratch.
Lakshmi: Yeah, we build ourselves these models to convert, we trained ourselves, to convert German to English. So, when I read these models in our internet, so it is showing these models are also available, all free-trained models. So, if we want, we can download pre-trained also, right?
Sunny Savita: You can download pre-trained, or else run that code, you will get the model, okay?
Lakshmi: Yeah, my question is, like, these are what we've done, that is, we build our… from the scratch, not pre-trained one.
Sunny Savita: Correct, right.
Lakshmi: Okay, so the other one is, like, the related to this is also from the transformers, like, so we discuss about everything related to the training steps of the decoder part and the encoder part, and also some models related to encoder and decoder, right?
Lakshmi: So, when the… so, this question, transformer, where we done…
Lakshmi: Last Saturday, encoder and decoder model. We have some data, two different kind of input and outputs, like, one English, one Hindi. So, you told that the… all training done of these kind of models, like, everything and,
Lakshmi: Unsupervised, our self-supervised training with, internet scale-up data.
Lakshmi: So, when it, the, where it is,
Lakshmi: Model using the next, next, word production using the previous one.
Lakshmi: Right? And then when coming to the prediction, the model, like, using art or a Grishow method, where it, generates the next token using the, previous one. Like, it's a kind of sequencer, right?
Lakshmi: So, if it is okay, I will share the… if…
Lakshmi: share the screen, my screen. Like, the first, token at T is equal to 1, it's generated, the second token at T is equal to 2. It's a kind of a sequential method.
Lakshmi: for the prediction.
Lakshmi: So, my question is, like, if it is, like, the sequential method, when it is trining, like, everything parallel, so that's why it is, we are loading a lot of data, it's a trine, a used amount of data, so that's why it is… because of the parallel, it is very fast than the other, like, models.
Lakshmi: So, in this case, in the prediction, if it is a low… if it is, like, the sequential, like, one by one, in this case, like, it is… became slow, right?
Lakshmi: My understanding is wrong.
Sunny Savita: The prediction, basically, it would be unlimited, right?
Sunny Savita: You're not.
Lakshmi: Oh, yeah, yeah.
Sunny Savita: See, you are going to be generate something from ChatGPT. How much you are going to be generating? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: one paragraph.
Lakshmi: Yeah, there is… Maybe a thousand token.
Sunny Savita: Right? But input.
Lakshmi: Yeah, yeah.
Sunny Savita: use, correct?
Lakshmi: I mean.
Sunny Savita: The training would be parallel, and prediction would be the sequential. That's it. Simple.
Lakshmi: Okay, okay. So, yeah, the other question is, like.
Lakshmi: So, usually, actually, I can check in the internet also, but, like, I'm asking, like, the all GPT models are all latest, the LLM models, whatever we have, the GPT and the cloud, and the Llama, DeepSeek, whatever it is.
Lakshmi: So these all modeled the part of decoder, part of the models. It's almost everything, like, generating everything, classification and generation, summarization, and coding even everything.
Lakshmi: So, in, if you take the, like, GPT, the latest one, so,
Lakshmi: It's, like, trained with all internet scale-up data. It can do everything, like, even coding and everything. So, in the, like, I am so curious, in the, like, in, when it is pre-training the GPT model, so what actually they are feeding to, like, kind of, doing the coding and the mass and everything, what kind of data they are
Lakshmi: Trained and feed to the model.
Sunny Savita: We are feeding the entire internet data to that, okay.
Lakshmi: Oh, okay. So, related to coding and math, everything, right?
Sunny Savita: Is everything correct.
Lakshmi: Okay, Sunny. Thank you so much, Sunny. Really, like, everything is understand very clear and more informative, and everything, it is very clear, okay? Thank you so much, you are in, good flow. Okay, thank you so much for all your help and,
Lakshmi: Answering my questions, and…
Sunny Savita: Thank you, ma'am. Thank you very much. Bye.
Lakshmi: Thank you so much. You have a good day.
Sunny Savita: how we can reduce the hallucination. We'll learn that, Lucy, okay? In,
Sunny Savita: Basically, RAG chapter will understand that.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Any more doubt? Furna, do you have any doubt?
Purna Chandra: Yeah, sir, good evening. I have one general doubt, sir. When we are working, uploading PDF files, particularly, like, confidential files.
Purna Chandra: But, particularly, like, banking organizations, Salesforce or JP Morgan.
Purna Chandra: In this case, right?
Purna Chandra: like, LLM, they… they will… means, like, those organizations will be downloading LLMs to… or they are hosting their
Purna Chandra: In their own server.
Sunny Savita: many times I have answered this question. They are, in those applications, they are using managed APIs.
Sunny Savita: Azure Cloud Foundry, from Azure OpenAI, from Azure Cloud Foundry, AWS Bedrock, Vertex API, and all. Even these companies, Wells Fargo and JP Morgan, right, Morgan Stanley, they have a budget. They can host their own model elsewhere on their own infrastructure, right?
Sunny Savita: So that kind of deal also they have. So… both, actually. So they are using LLM from the managed API,
Sunny Savita: And they have… they are hosting LLM for the smaller tasks and all, right, on their own server as well. Got it?
Purna Chandra: So, if they are using the managed API, right, sir, but they will not upload their PDFs, because it's a very comprehensive banking information, right? Just general rules.
Sunny Savita: You can upload, you can upload, na, internet, you can upload the RAT data also, okay?
Sunny Savita: I've worked on that kind of use case where the data is very confidential, it's a RAD data. Even I have uploaded that with those APIs and all, okay?
Purna Chandra: Security, they will be providing security.
Purna Chandra: Me.
Sunny Savita: No. Security will be there now, sir. Managed API means what? They are assuring the security, right?
Purna Chandra: Thank you, thank you.
Sunny Savita: Okay guys, bye, take care, good night, I'll see you in the next class.